A sealing assembly operatively attached to a coaxial cable connector that is attached to an RF port. The sealing assembly has a sealing subassembly, that is changeable between a pre-assembled state and a sealing state, and at least one actuator component. The sealing subassembly has a sealing portion. Advancement of the actuator component changes the sealing subassembly from the pre-assembled state into the sealing state and thereby causes the sealing portion to compress radially against the RF port.
A transition for connecting a coaxial cable to a conductive metal part such as an antenna has a base and a sleeve. The base is pressed into the groundplane of the antenna to provide a permanent conductive and mechanical connection. A low profile transition has a base and a channel portion parallel to the face of the base.
Electrical connectors having improved impedance characteristics are disclosed. Such an electrical connector may include a first electrically conductive contact, and a second electrically conductive contact disposed adjacent to the first contact along a first direction. A mating end of the second contact may be offset in a second direction relative to a mating end of the first contact. Offsetting of contacts within columns of contacts provides capability for adjusting impedance and capacitance characteristics of a connector assembly.
The electronic card of the present invention enables prevention of failure of an electronic circuit incorporated in the electronic card by establishing an electrostatic shielding unit. A connector has a plurality of contacts and a housing. A container case has a side facing a face of one side of the substrate on which an electronic circuit is imprinted, and a first shell and a second shell of electrically conductive material positioned on a side facing the face of the other side of the substrate, respectively. An opening is established on a front end section relating to insertion and removal of the connector in a housing, and is held in a state in which contacts are exposed internally. An electrostatic shielding unit is of electrically conductive material that is electrically connected to the container case, and is positioned in an exposed state on a surface of the above-mentioned front end section.
Methods are provided for reducing port to port crosstalk on a multiport assembly. Steps of the method include placing at least one BEMI in at least one compensation region, disposed on a PCB. The BEMI reduces port to port crosstalk noise by generating an opposite polarity signal to an unwanted noise signal generated through port to port adjacency. The PCB includes a plurality of ports, at least including adjacent first and second ports, each of which is an RJ45 jack port. Each port of the plurality of ports includes a plurality of modular insert pins, and is associated with an IDC pin group. The at least one compensation region includes one or more regions for generating noise compensation with respect to crosstalk noise resulting from coupling between respective modular insert pins of, or IDC pins associated with, the first and second ports, respectfully.
A card edge connector includes a housing, a first conductive part, a second conductive part, a supporting conductive part, a connecting element, a first harness, and a second harness. The housing has an insertion hole for receiving an electronic substrate therein. The first conductive part and the second conductive part are disposed in the insertion hole and are configured to come in contact with respective terminals disposed on a surface of the electronic substrate. The supporting conductive part is disposed in the housing in such a manner that supporting conductive part is farther away from the surface of the electronic substrate than the first conductive part is. The connecting element couples the second conductive part and the supporting conductive part, the first harness is coupled with the first conductive part, and the second harness is coupled with the supporting conductive part.
It is an object of the present invention to provide a card connector which prevents inadvertent dropping of a card having a narrow width relative to the receiving slot to be inserted. The card connector includes receiving slots that are stacked and receive a plurality of memory cards of different standards. The card connector minimizes the height so as to be replaceable with a conventional card connector. The card connector has a first card receiving slot that receives a first card and a second card receiving slot that accommodates a second card receiving unit. The second card receiving unit receives a second card. The second card receiving unit has a top frame that restricts the upper surface of a second card main body. A cutout part, having a shape that allows at least a portion of the top frame to fit in the thickness direction, is formed in a partition frame. The partition frame divides the first card receiving slot and the second card receiving, while supporting the lower portion of a first card main body.
A card edge connector includes a housing, a first conductive part, a second conductive part, a connecting element, a first harness, and a second harness. The housing has an insertion hole for receiving an electronic substrate therein. The first conductive part and the second conductive part are disposed in the insertion hole and are configured to come in contact with respective terminals disposed on a surface of the electronic substrate. The connecting element is coupled with the second conductive part and extends in a direction approximately vertical to a planer direction of the electronic substrate so as to be away from the surface of the electronic substrate. The first harness is coupled with the first conductive part and the second harness penetrates a penetrated part of the connecting element.
A connector to be connected to a mating connector includes a housing having a receptacle recess portion for receiving the mating connector. The housing includes a regulating protrusion formed on an inner surface thereof. The connector further includes a terminal retained in the housing. The terminal includes a held portion held in the housing, a bent portion bending from the held portion, and an elastic contact portion extending from the bent portion. The elastic contact portion contacts with an outer conductive member of the mating connector and elastically deforming when the plug is inserted into the receptacle recess portion. The held portion and the bent portion have a cut portion for accommodating the regulating protrusion, so that the regulating protrusion is situated at a position for regulating the elastic contact portion.
There is disclosed a conducting terminal connector which comprises an insulating tube, a conducting terminal and a soldering sleeve. The conducting terminal has a first end received in the insulating tube and a second end opposite to said first end, and the second end is exposed outwardly for connecting an external conducting contact point so that the first end is bent to form a longitudinal elongation with an opening facing upward. The soldering sleeve is formed by a casting method so as to form a corrugated surface on the outer periphery thereof, and has a melting point in which a heat source is applied to an outer part of the insulating tube so that an inner part of the insulating tube is shrunken to lodge in the outer corrugated surface of the soldering sleeve thereby forming the conducting terminal connect.
The present invention is to provide a crimping terminal. The crimping terminal includes a crimping part, an insertion hole having a bottom provided in the crimping part and projections provided on an inner bottom surface of the insertion hole. When the aluminum electric wire is inserted into the insertion hole, the conductor of aluminum electric wire is relatively rotated against the crimping terminal. As a result, an oxide layer formed on a surface of the conductor is efficiently removed by the projections formed on the inner bottom surface. In low electric resistance condition, the crimping terminal connects with the conductor of the aluminum electric wire.
An oscillating-foil type underwater propulsor with a joint provided in the invention, the propulsor including a streamline foil having a foil surface being parallel to a water surface and a span length of at least twice as long as an average chord length of the streamline foil, and a heaving mechanism undergoing heaving motion perpendicular to a propulsion direction of the propulsor and having a transmission section, wherein the transmission section is pivotally connected to the streamline foil to form a joint, the joint being provided at the middle of the span length and having a rotation center located within a circular area, which has a radius of one third of the average chord length and is centered at the point one third of the average chord length ahead of the lifting center of the streamline foil.
An outboard motor for small watercraft, such as a pleasure boat, has a capability of changing between a forward shift position and a reverse shift position by causing a lower part of the unit to rotate in small increments and move along an arc formed by a ratchet plate secured above the propeller assembly.
A marker buoy and system for using the same is disclosed. The marker buoy includes an anchor line and a plurality of panels spaced along the anchor line. The panels are configured to provide a guiding illustration to a user of a sonar imaging device.
A sea rescue platform with a plurality of connectable floating bodies comprises a plurality of floating bodies including life jackets, life rings, life boats, and life rafts which are connected as a platform so as to provide more people in sea disaster to be used as a deck; wherein each floating body has at least one connection unit and at least one survival box so as to provide protection to the people and prolong the lifetime of the people.
In some embodiments are an article including a woven fabric having warp yarns and weft yarns. Either warp yarn or weft yarn or both warp and weft yarns have two separate systems of yarns. The systems of yarns include a hard yarn forming the main body of fabric and a composite covered elastic yarn with an elastic fiber core; wherein the fabric has an outer face side, a back side, and the fabric includes at least one of: (a) a weaving pattern where the composite yarn and at least one adjacent hard yarn pass over the same pick when the composite yarn is on the outer surface; (b) the ratio of hard yarn denier to composite yarn denier is at least 1:1; and (c) the composite yarn floats over no more than 5 picks on the outer face side.
An elastic laminate for use as a tear resistant diaper side panel. The elastic laminate comprises an elastic substrate bonded to at least one layer of a tensioned spunbond nonwoven web comprising thermoplastic filaments comprising at least about 10% by weight polyethylene. The laminate is then incrementally stretched in the transverse direction to provide a service stretch greater than 100% and a strength ratio greater than 0.35. In one embodiment, the elastic substrate is bonded between the tensioned nonwoven webs by point bonding or hot melt adhesives. Also disclosed is a method for making an elastic laminate comprising the steps of providing at least one layer of a tensioned spunbond nonwoven web comprising thermoplastic filaments comprising at least about 10% by weight polyethylene, providing an elastic substrate, bonding the elastic substrate and the at least one layer of nonwoven web to provide an elastic laminate, and incrementally stretching the laminate in the transverse direction to provide a service stretch greater than 100% and a strength ratio greater than 0.35.
A biodegradable breathable film is formed by mixing a biodegradable polymer with a particulate filler, forming the mixture into a film, and stretching the film uniaxially or biaxially to cause voids to form around the filler particles. The film may be laminated to a fibrous nonwoven web to form a laminate, and the fibrous nonwoven web may also be formed from a biodegradable polymer. The biodegradable film and laminate are useful in a wide variety of disposable personal care absorbent articles and disposable medical articles.
A color organic EL display includes: a substrate; a color filter layer disposed on the substrate; a gas barrier layer disposed on the color filter layer; and an organic EL structural body disposed on the gas barrier layer. The substrate and the color filter layer provide an underlayer of the gas barrier layer. The underlayer is a degassed underlayer. The gas barrier layer is provided by an atomic layer deposition method at a temperature equal to or lower than a decomposition starting temperature of the color filter layer.
In a method of manufacturing a display panel, a first alignment member is formed on a first substrate. Liquid crystal is sealed between the first substrate and a second substrate opposite to the first substrate. Then, an electric field is applied to the liquid crystal to align the liquid crystal. Ultraviolet light is irradiated onto the first alignment member to form a second alignment member while applying the electric field to the liquid crystal.
An apparatus, system, and method are disclosed for a display container. The display container is configured in the shape of a children's toy and contains a cavity and transparent covering disposed over the cavity. An object is disposed in the cavity and enclosed by the transparent covering. The transparent covering is configured to make the contents of the cavity visible to the user. The object can be any object pertaining to a development milestone to be attained by a child. The user places an object pertaining to the developmental milestone in the cavity where it can be viewed by the child but cannot be handled or used by the child.
A construction system includes a plurality of construction elements having body member and a plurality of coupling members, each of said coupling members having an exterior portion and an interior locking device of hermaphroditic type. The interior locking device includes protrusions and a receiving block. A first coupling member belonging to one construction element can interlock with a second coupling member belonging to another element, so that the protrusions of the first coupling member resiliently deflect away from each other and subsequently retract, and settle, into provided recesses in the receiving block of the second element. Concurrently, the protrusions of the second coupling member settle into corresponding recesses in the receiving block of the first coupling member. Applications of the construction system in toy construction sets, construction puzzles and board games are provided.
The present invention provides a miniature live-action surfing attraction and associated surf game specifically adapted for use with one or more surf toy action figures. The surf toy action figures are mountable to a surf board appropriately sized and weighted to provide relatively stable or semi-stable surf-riding action upon a sheet flow of water flowing up an inclined ride surface of the reduced scale attraction. Various surf action figures may be set free upon the ride surface, or they may be constrained or partially constrained by wires, strings, magnets or the like, as desired. Alternatively, or in addition, they may be controlled via a remote control, or radio control transmitter, as desired. Thus, a fun and entertaining game is created that provides realistic live-action surfing within a relatively small or confined area.
A wild game call may include a resonance piece. The resonance piece may include a body, pipes, and a plug that may attach to a mouth piece. Also a wild game call may include a mouth piece attached to the body. Additionally, the mouth piece may include a reed and a neck.
Alternatively, a wild game call may include pipes of variable lengths attached to a splitter, which combines two pipe openings into one pipe opening. Also, a front pipe may be attached to the one pipe opening of the splitter. Additionally, a wild game call may include a mouthpiece attached to the front pipe comprising openings for exhaling, a reed; and fasteners to attach the reed to the mouth piece.
A balloon having superior luminosity comprising an inelastic balloon having LEDs mounted on the inside surface of the balloon is provided. The balloon further comprises a power supply having a manually operated switch mounted on a tab on the periphery of the balloon for accessibility and replacement of the batteries.
A children's ride-on toy includes at least two casters. The ride-on toy has a first caster mount connected to the body, wherein the first caster mount comprises a first caster receptacle, and a second caster mount connected to the body, wherein the second caster mount comprises a second caster receptacle. In at least one embodiment, the first caster has an engagement shaft that is uniquely adapted to engage the first caster receptacle, and the second caster has an engagement shaft that is uniquely adapted to engage the second caster receptacle. In at least another embodiment, a first bushing rotatably engages the first caster and is uniquely adapted to engage the first caster receptacle, and a second bushing rotatably engages the second caster and is uniquely adapted to engage the second caster receptacle.
An uplift and coverage bra includes a pair of breast cups having at least one layer of a first predetermined material formed as such breast cups. A mechanism is connected to at least one of an outside edge generally adjacent to a lower portion of each of such breast cups and an inside edge generally adjacent to the lower portion of each of such breast cups, for at least partially encircling a user's torso. Such mechanism has an upper edge and a lower edge and at least a rear portion. A joining mechanism is connected to at least one of such mechanism for at least partially encircling such user's torso at a predetermined location thereon and the inside edges adjacent to the lower portion of such breast cups, for joining at least one of such breast cups and such mechanism for at least partially encircling such user's torso.
A substrate polishing apparatus for polishing a polishing surface of a substrate has a film thickness monitoring device for monitoring a state of a film thickness of a thin film on the polishing surface of the substrate during polishing. The apparatus includes a table, a polishing member fixed on a surface of the table, a substrate support member for pressing the substrate onto the polishing member, an optical system composed of an optical fiber for irradiating the polishing surface of the substrate with a light of irradiation and an optical fiber for receiving a reflected light reflected on the polishing surface of the substrate, an analysis-processing system for processing an analysis of the reflected light received with the optical system, and the film-thickness monitoring device. The table is provided with a liquid-feeding opening for feeding a translucent liquid into a through-hole disposed in the polishing member.
A polishing method can safely detach and lift up a workpiece from a polishing surface without carrying out the operation of making the workpiece overhang the polishing surface. The polishing method includes carrying out processing of a surface to be polished of a workpiece by supplying a liquid to a polishing surface while pressing the surface to be polished of the workpiece held by a holding device against the polishing surface and moving the workpiece and the polishing surface relative to each other, attracting the workpiece after the processing to the holding device while supplying the liquid to the polishing surface at a decreased flow rate, thereby detaching the workpiece from the polishing surface, and lifting up the holding device together with the workpiece on confirmation of detachment of the workpiece from the polishing surface and attachment of the workpiece to the holding device.
Fine abrasive machining of a part includes providing a tool having a plurality of successive portions configured and arranged so that each preceding portion provides a coarser abrasive machining while each subsequent portion provides a final abrasive machining, and providing a relative movement of the abrasive tool relative to the part so that first a portion of the tool configured a coarser abrasive machining machines a part and thereafter a portion of the tool configured for a finer machine provides abrasive machining of the part.
A polishing method, a polishing pad, and a polishing system are described. The polishing pad with a plurality of grooves is provided. The width of each groove is W and the pitch between two adjacent grooves is P. An oscillatory movement distance of a workpiece on the polishing pad is set. The oscillatory movement distance enables any particular point on the workpiece to cross the same number of grooves, when a direction between the particular point and the center of the workpiece is perpendicular to a tangential direction of the grooves. The workpiece is then polished with the oscillatory movement distance, so as to achieve a better polishing uniformity for the surface of the workpiece.
Provided is a composition for forming a polishing layer of a chemical mechanical polishing pad having polishing characteristics such as a high polishing rate, an excellent planarity of the polished object and less scratches of the polished object.
An aspect of the present invention comprises an integrally molded brush comprising a base and bristles extending from said base, further comprising a moldable composition that includes a dispersed phase comprising ultra-high molecular weight polyethylene. Another aspect of the present invention is a method of making an integrally molded brush comprising the steps of providing a moldable composition comprising a dispersed phase of ultra-high molecular weight polyethylene; causing said moldable composition to become a flowable material; shaping said flowable material; and hardening said flowable material. Other aspects of the present invention provides a method of refining a planar metal workpiece surface, the method comprising the steps of providing an integrally molded brush or brush assembly, each brush comprising a base and bristles extending from said base, further comprising a moldable composition that includes a dispersed phase comprising ultra-high molecular weight polyethylene, further comprising an attachment means; providing a driving means; providing a planar metal workpiece; coupling said integrally molded brush or brush assembly to said driving means via said attachment means; and rotating said brush or brush assembly while urging said rotating brush or brush assembly against said workpiece.
A surface modifying apparatus, system, article, and method are disclosed for modifying a surface by surface modification, whereby inserts of surface modifying elements are quickly and easily replaceable on a carrier assembly therefor without being damaged during use.
The present disclosure is directed to method, apparatus, and system for uniformly supporting flexible surface modifying articles during surface modification as well as enabling replacing and repositioning thereof for improving their useful service life as well as improving dust and debris control management.
A coin processing machine includes a first stationary finger and a second stationary finger spaced from the first stationary finger and defining a first opening between them to receive a stream of singulated coins. The first opening is larger than the largest diameter coin to be processed by the coin processing machine. A movable third finger is spaced from the first finger and defines a second opening downstream from the first opening. Larger-diameter coins move the third finger to permit the coins to move through the second opening and past the third finger. Smaller-diameter coins that pass through the first opening and engage the third finger are directed towards the first finger before reaching and passing through the second opening.
A chimney section and a chimney system for handling gases is disclosed. The chimney section is rounded but non-circular in cross sectional shape and includes at least one flange on one end of the section body. The chimney section may be formed from a single piece of material, wherein the section body and flange are integrally formed with one another. In the chimney system, the junction between two adjacent chimney sections may consist of a flange interface, which is formed by the adjacent flanges on opposing ends of two adjacent chimney sections. A V-band may be placed over the flange interface to further seal the interior of the chimney sections, and a sealant may be placed in various positions of the chimney system to hermetically seal the interior thereof from the exterior. In another embodiment of the chimney system, insulation is added to create an insulated chimney system.
A control module for a heating, ventilating, and air conditioning system for a vehicle is disclosed, the module including a thermal energy exchanger having a phase change material disposed therein, whereby the phase change material is cooled and recharged by at least one of a flow of air from an evaporator and a fluid from a refrigeration system.
A fuel cell stack is housed within a fuel cell stack enclosure. Air is used to ventilate the fuel cell stack enclosure. The air may be pulled from an air stream used to cool a high voltage battery. The air may also be pulled from a vehicle compartment such as a vehicle trunk or vehicle cabin. Filters are used to remove particulate matter from the air.
An apparatus for winterizing a vent opening in a crawl space of a foundation in a building. The apparatus comprises a first member having each a first predetermined size and a first predetermined shape and formed of a first predetermined material for sealing against an inside surface of a wall area immediately adjacent such vent opening. A cover member has each of a second predetermined size and a second predetermined shape and formed of a second predetermined material, the cover member is secured on a first side thereof to a first side of said first member. A thermal insulating layer is engageable with a second side of the first member for providing a weather barrier to cold air and pinch handles are disposed on the cover member for assisting in positioning the apparatus in such vent opening.
A clothes dryer air intake system including a conduit having an outlet opening for connection to a clothes dryer and being positioned remote from the attic of a building. The conduit also has an inlet opening positioned within the attic of a building. A heater is connected to the conduit between the outlet opening and the inlet opening for warming air passing through the conduit. A thermostat detects the temperature of the air flowing through the conduit and energizes the heater in the event that the detected temperature is lower than a preset minimum.
A ventilation system having a cylindrical reducer, a pair of adjustable structural supports and a ceiling electrical box concentrically mounted to the structural supports. The electrical box is configured to support the weight of a ceiling fan assembly. The pair of adjustable structural supports include a first member and a second member that pass through the reducer. The members are hollow so that a first slidable strut extends from within a first end of the first member to a desired length and the second slidable strut extends from within an opposing second end of the first member to a desired length. Similarly, second member is hollow so that a third slidable strut extends from within a first end of second member to a desired length and fourth slidable strut extends from within an opposing second end of second member to a desired length.
When a transmission request for new data is issued under a situation where a plurality of data are transmitted to a specific service area from a plurality of service areas, a feeder link station searches an available frequency to be allocated to the new data in a down-link frequency band of the specific service area, and when any of data communications is completed, allocates a down-link frequency band used in the data communication as a down-link frequency band for the new data. A satellite repeater arranges the new data on the down-link frequency band right after the data communication is completed following a relay control by the feeder link station.
A method of application initialization of a near field communication (NFC) enabled device comprising loading a first NFC enabled device with an application for conducting a financial transaction over a network; and transferring the application to a second NFC enabled device via a NFC link, is described herein.
An information processing apparatus including a plurality of elements each configured to perform an independent process, a controller configured to control the plurality of elements, and a front end shared by the plurality of elements and configured to perform near field communication with an external device. At a time of activation, the controller allocates, to the plurality of elements, different time slots for communication.
Signals, including signals from outside of the subspace of bandlimited signals associated with the Shannon theorem, are acquired while still providing an acceptable reconstruction. In some aspects a denoising process is used in conjunction with sparse sampling techniques. For example, a denoising process utilizing a Cadzow algorithm may be used to reduce the amount of noise associated with sampled information. In some aspects the denoising process may be iterative such that the denoising process is repeated until the samples are denoised to a sufficient degree. In some aspects, the denoising process converts a set of received samples into another set corresponding to a signal with a Finite Rate of Innovation (FRI), or to an approximation of such a signal. The disclosure relates in some aspects to combination of a denoising process with annihilating filter methods to retrieve information from a noisy, sparse sampled signal. The disclosure relates in some aspects to determining a sampling kernel to be used to sample the signal based on noise associated with the signal. The disclosure relates in some aspects to determining the number of samples to obtain from a signal over a period of time based on noise associated with the signal. The disclosure relates in some aspects to determining the finite number of innovations of a received signal.
An electrical circuit comprises a source of an interferer signal; at least one component configured for using the signal; at least two electrically parallel conductive paths by which the signal can pass between the source and each of the at least one components; and a signal path selector configured to selectively enable the signal to pass from the source to the component by any of the at least two conductive paths and to, when one of the paths is enabled to carry the signal, disable each of the other at least two paths from carrying the signal.
A transmission source device transmits a test signal to a transmission destination device and a transmitting device by wireless communication. The transmission destination device and the transmitting device add to a received test signal an identification number thereof and a receiving time and return the data-added test signal to the transmission source device. The transmission source device determines a communication route with a shortest communication time based on the received data-added test signal. The transmission source device transmits logic-circuit update data to the transmission destination device via the determined communication route.
A method is provided for estimating a Noise and Interference (NI) power in a ranging code reception apparatus in a communication system. The method includes generating S correlation values by calculating correlations between L ranging subcarriers received at a ranging code reception apparatus and L elements included in each of S ranging codes available in the ranging code reception apparatus, detecting N reception-desired ranging codes that the ranging code reception apparatus desires to receive, among the S ranging codes, using the S correlation values, and selecting M remaining ranging codes among (S-N) ranging codes obtained by removing the N reception-desired ranging codes from the S ranging codes, and estimating a first NI power using correlation values for the M remaining ranging codes.
Apparatus and method for calibration in a multi-antenna system are provided. The method includes setting at least two transmission paths connected to antennas, respectively, as reference transmission paths, when receiving compensation signals transmitted in the reference transmission paths in at least two reception paths connected to the antennas, respectively, determining a phase difference of the reception paths using the received compensation signals, and calibrating the reception paths using the phase difference of the reception paths.
A signal apparatus is provided. The signal value holding apparatus including a determining section to determine a magnitude relationship between a signal value of an input signal and a signal value of a prescribed feedback signal, a first holding section to hold the signal value determined to be larger by the determining section, a subtracting section to subtract a prescribed value from the signal value held by the first holding section and output a result as the feedback signal, and a second holding section to receive the signal value held by the first holding section and hold the signal value supplied from the first holding section when the signal value of the input signal becomes smaller than the signal value of the feedback signal based on a determination result of the magnitude relationship between the signal values by the determining section.
The present invention provides a wireless communications system comprising a first radio transceiver configured to communicate on a first radio channel, a second radio transceiver configured to communicate on a second radio channel, a first base transceiver unit (BTU) configured to communicate with the first radio transceiver, a second BTU configured to communicate with the second radio transceiver, and a client transceiver unit (CTU) configured to communicate with both the first BTU and the second BTU. The CTU is thereby configured to communicate on the first radio channel via the first radio transceiver and the first BTU. The CTU is also configured to communicate on the second radio channel via the second radio transceiver and the second BTU. The CTU comprises at least one speaker for enabling a user to listen to communications on the first and second radio channels concurrently.
A disposable electronic device includes a housing, a user interface in the housing and a short range, unlicensed wireless transceiver in the housing. A controller is configured to control the user interface and the short range, unlicensed wireless transceiver. A non-replaceable, non-rechargeable battery also is provided in the housing. New forms of disposable, proximity-based communications systems, devices and methods thereby may be provided.
An RF transmitter includes a Cartesian to polar conversion section, a PLL, a DAC module, a mixing module, and a PA module. The Cartesian to polar conversion section converts a Cartesian based symbol stream into a polar based symbol stream. The PLL generates an oscillation when the RF transmitter is in a Cartesian mode or a phase modulated oscillation based on phase modulation information of the polar based symbol stream when the RF transmitter is in a polar mode. The mixing module mixes an analog Cartesian based signal with a local oscillation to produce a Cartesian based up converted signal when the RF transmitter is in the Cartesian mode and mixes an analog amplitude signal with a phase modulated local oscillation to produce a polar based up converted signal when the RF transmitter is in the polar mode. The PA module amplifies the Cartesian based up converted signal to produce an outbound RF signal when the RF transmitter is in the Cartesian mode and amplifies the polar based up converted signal to produce the outbound RF signal when the RF transmitter is in the polar mode.
Envelope tracking (ET) methods and systems for controlling the delivery of power to radio frequency power amplifiers (RFPAs). An exemplary ET system includes an RFPA and a wide bandwidth capable and power efficient envelope modulator that includes a first power supplying apparatus and a second power supplying apparatus. The first power supplying apparatus includes a switch-mode converter and a regulator. The first mode converter is operable to dynamically step down a fixed power supply voltage according to amplitude variations in an envelope signal received by the regulator, and use the resulting dynamic power supply signal to power the regulator. The second power supplying apparatus is connected in parallel with the first power supplying apparatus. Depending on a power of an output signal to be generated at an output of the power amplifier, power is supplied to the power amplifier from either or both of the first and second power supplying apparatuses.
A system for processing signals is disclosed and may include a single chip having an integrated Bluetooth radio and an integrated FM radio. The single chip may include at least one processor that enables selecting from a range of FM channels, a particular frequency for one of the FM channels based on an intermediate frequency (IF). The particular frequency may be selected so that it is an integer multiple of a channel spacing between neighboring allocated FM channels within the range of FM channels, and may be offset by at most one-half the channel spacing. The at least one processor may enable determining a frequency error of the selected particular frequency for the one of the FM channels. The at least one processor may also enable determining, whether the particular frequency includes an on-frequency channel based on the determined frequency error.
Systems and methods that provide antenna selection in multi-antenna-element communication systems are provided. In one embodiment, a system that selects N antenna elements in an M-antenna-element transmitter or an M-antenna-element receiver, in which N is less than M, may include, for example, M antenna elements in the M-antenna-element transmitter or the M-antenna-element receiver; N RF chains; and a switch coupled to the N RF chains. The M-antenna-element receiver may determine a bit error rate for each possible N antenna element subset of the M antenna elements. The M-antenna-element receiver may determine the particular N antenna element subset with a lowest bit error rate. In response to the determination of the particular N antenna element subset with the lowest bit error rate, the switch may couple the N RF chains to the particular N antenna element subset with the lowest bit error rate.
An enhanced programmable automatic level control loop comprising an input for receiving an input RF signal; a level modulator, wherein the level modulator receives the input RF signal and a control signal and wherein the level modulator produces a first signal; a mixer that receives the first signal and mixes it with an LO signal to produce a second signal; a programmable attenuator that receives the second signal and produces an output signal; a level detector that monitors RF power of the output signal and produces a DC voltage proportional to the RF power; and wherein the DC voltage is received at a loop amplifier which produces the control signal.
The present invention provides a method of channel estimation implemented in a receiver having multiple antennas configured to receive at least one common pilot available to a plurality of users and a plurality of dedicated pilots. Each dedicated pilot is allocated to one of the plurality of users. The method includes estimating at least one first channel associated with a first user and at least one second channel associated with a second user based on observations of the plurality of dedicated pilots and of said at least one common pilot.
Apparatus, systems, and methods are disclosed that operate to boost an electrical potential of a control terminal of a transistor from a signal on an input terminal of the transistor to render a channel in the transistor more conductive. Additional apparatus, systems, and methods are disclosed.
A power control system includes a delta sigma modulator to generate output values for use in controlling a switching power converter. In at least one embodiment, the delta sigma modulator includes two ranges of available output values and a range of one or more unavailable intermediate output values, wherein the range of one or more unavailable intermediate output values represent a gap in available output values. Each unavailable intermediate output value represents an output value that is not generated by the delta sigma modulator. In at least one embodiment, the delta sigma modulator includes a quantizer output remapping module that remaps quantizer output values within the range of one or more unavailable intermediate output values of the delta sigma modulator to new output values within one of the ranges of available output values.
A mode-switching LNA generally includes an input unit, an output unit and a bias voltage generator. The input unit amplifies an input signal to generate an amplified signal. The output unit receives the amplified signal from the input unit and operates either in an oscillation mode or in an amplification mode in response to a control signal to generate an output signal having a center frequency equal to a target frequency. The control signal indicates whether the center frequency of the output signal is the same as the target frequency. The bias voltage generator provides an input bias voltage to the input unit in response to the control signal, where the input bias voltage includes a first bias voltage in the amplification mode and a second bias voltage in the oscillation mode.
The present invention is a system for observing stationary and mobile subjects and sending alarms and initiating remedial actions at the observation site by using an observation device, having the recording, and communications capabilities typically found in cell phones, to observe the subject and send recordings and relay alarm signals directly to a controller device possessed by the user. The controller device has the recording and communications capabilities typical of cell phones and allows users to review the data from the observation device and take appropriate actions. Such actions include commanding the observation unit to activate on-site devices that can mitigate damage, issuing an alarm to appropriate emergency response units, and augmenting data sent to emergency response units with the subject's location and descriptive information that can help responders arrive at the scene quicker and act more effectively when they arrive.
Systems, methods and apparatus, including computer program products, for maintaining a personalized message provided by a personal security service subscriber in an escrow storage during a security period associated with the subscriber, and delivering the personalized message to one or more recipients upon determining an occurrence of a security event during the security period.
Apparatus and methods of establishing an emergency voice call include user equipment transmitting, and a first serving core network receiving, a request for an emergency call via a wireless access network. The apparatus and methods further include a determination by the first serving core network of an alternative serving core network. In some aspects, the determination may be made based on a user equipment location from a location retrieval function, which may obtain such information from other network components or from the user equipment. In other aspects, the determination may be based on lack of capability or lack of capacity. Further, the apparatus and methods also include establishment of the emergency call with a second serving core network different from the serving core network based on the determination.
Systems, methods, and apparatus, including computer program products, for maintaining a personalized message provided by a personal security service subscriber in an escrow storage during a security period associated with the subscriber; processing itinerary-related information of the personalized message against a dictionary of known physical locations to identify a starting point, a destination point, and a candidate route between the starting point and the destination point; generating a visual representation of the candidate route; and delivering the personalized message, the visual representation of the candidate route, or both, to one or more recipients upon determining an occurrence of a security event during the security period associated with the subscriber.
To recruit a new subscriber to a communication services provider, when a request is received, from a host of an identity module that lacks any portion of a provider profile that associates the identity module with a communication services provider, to provide a customization suite for installing substantially all of the provider profile in the identity module, terms of usage are proposed to the host. If the host consents to the terms of usage, the customization suite is sent to the host.
The present invention provides a method involving a femtocell in communication with an Internet Protocol Multimedia Subsystem (IMS) network. In one embodiment, the femtocell operates according to code division multiple access (CDMA) standards. The method includes receiving, from the femtocell and at a first secure entity in the IMS network, first authentication information generated by the mobile unit using a first random number broadcast by the femtocell in a global challenge. The method also includes receiving, from a second secure entity in the secure network, at least one security key formed based on the global challenge and second authentication information for uniquely challenging the mobile unit. In one embodiment, the second secure entity is a CDMA-based authentication server. The method further includes providing the security key(s) to the femtocell in response to authenticating the mobile unit based upon the second authentication information.
The present invention provides a method involving a femtocell in communication with a secure network. The method includes determining whether the femtocell is authorized to provide wireless connectivity to a mobile unit based on information stored in a secure entity in the secure network. The information has been confirmed by a user of the mobile unit.
A method and apparatus for controlling access to the data stored on a smart card for use in mobile devices. A user initializes the smart card memory by saving an authentication credential in memory. Subsequently, when various applications executed on the mobile device seek to retrieve the data stored in the smart card memory, the user must submit to an authentication process before access to the data stored in the smart card memory is granted. Embodiments utilize biometric traits and biometric templates stored in memory as authentication credentials. Biometric sensors are provided with the smart card so that a candidate biometric trait can be generated and compared with a biometric template stored in memory. If the biometric trait matches the stored biometric template, then access to the data stored in the smart card is granted.
A system for setting security in a wireless network system using a cluster function. An access point stores a list of candidate terminals of each neighboring access point. When an arbitrary terminal sends an access request, the access point determines whether or not the terminal is authenticated using the stored list of candidate terminals, and transmits an authentication success message to the requesting terminal if the requesting terminal is authenticated. The terminal performs hand-over to the access point without performing authentication upon receiving the authentication success message from the access point in response to the access request. Thus, the hand-over time of a Wi-Fi phone is reduced in an environment based on Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA) that is one of the strongest wireless LAN security policies, so that the safety and mobility of wireless LAN services can be improved at the same time.
A messaging system for selectively performing an action on information, for remote retrieval of messages, for performing action on information at different times, for selective paging, for providing a user interface for message access and having integrated audio visual messaging.
The capabilities of a collaboration messaging system are extended through so that a user can be contacted, or at least notified of incoming messages, when the user is away from his own messaging client computer but is near another messaging client computer. The proximity of a user to a messaging client computer other than his own is inferred from the detection of a wireless communications device (e.g., a Bluetooth-enabled cellular phone) associated to the user. The association is recorded in a user profile set up by the user and stored in the collaboration messaging system. If a wireless communications device is detected proximate to a messaging client computer, a search is made of stored user profiles, each of which associates a particular wireless communication with a particular user. If a profile exists for the detected wireless communication device, it is retrieved and a set of actions defined in the user profile is implemented. The defined actions include sending messages addressed to the users own messaging client computer to the proximate messaging client computer, sending notices of the messages to the proximate client computer and sending a notice to the sender of the message that the user is near a particular client messaging computer.
According to one embodiment, a mobile phone wirelessly receives an alert request from a separate alert triggering device via a first wireless interface of the mobile phone. In response to the alert request, the mobile phone automatically transmits an alert message utilizing wireless radio frequency communication via a second wireless interface of the mobile phone and a wireless wide area network. The communication of alerts can further be supported by the viral transmission of alert relay requests that propagate opportunistically in an attempt to reach a communication device, such as a mobile phone or WAP, that is capable of delivering an alert relay message to an electronic communication destination.
Techniques are described for automatic device mode switching. In an implementation an electronic device provides a variety of functionality through multiple modes of the electronic device. The electronic device may be configured to toggle between modes when inserted into or removed from a corresponding mounting device. In an implementation, one operational mode may be automatically activated upon insertion of the electronic device into the mounting device. Another operational mode may be automatically activated when the electronic device is removed from the mounting device. In another implementation, multiple modes of an electronic device may be associated with multiple orientations of the device. An orientation detector may provide signals indicative of orientation, which when detected causes automatic activation of an associated operational mode.
A Call-To-Action Lockout on a mobile device coupled to a data network is disclosed as a method and apparatus comprising providing a media application configured to respond to a control point associated with media content, providing media content which has at least one associated control point, triggering at least one control point while experiencing the media content; and performing an appropriate Call To Action Script (CTAS) in response to the triggered control point.
A method and apparatus for programming a cellular telephone with activation parameters. A cellular telephone to be programmed is connected to a computer via a communications interface. A user input device is provided to allow a user to provide programming information, including a cellular telephone type, to the computer. A visual representation of the cellular telephone type is displayed on a display monitor to allow the user to interactively verify the inputted programming information. Upon such user verification, the computer determines activation parameters and transmits the activation parameters to the cellular telephone. In accordance with another aspect of the invention, certain activation parameters are dynamically computed based on the user provided programming information. In one embodiment, the user enters a cellular telephone number to be assigned to the cellular telephone. The computer looks up a system identification associated with the cellular telephone number in a memory unit. Certain activation parameters are dynamically computed based on the cellular telephone number and system identification.
The present invention relates to remotely provisioning subscriber identification parameters in a device on a wireless network. A secure connection is established with the device, and a token containing the new subscriber identification parameters is forwarded over the secure connection. The device may verify the received token. In one embodiment, the subscriber identification parameters are updated to change network operators. The secure connection can be with the old network operator or the new network operator. The device on the wireless network may be a machine-to-machine device. The provisioned subscriber identification may be part of a universal subscriber identification module.
A first network node may include a wireless transmitter, a wireless receiver, a user interface and a controller. The controller may be configured to cause information that is received by the receiver to be delivered to the user interface, if that information is encoded to be delivered to the user interface of the network node. The controller may also be configured to cause information to be transmitted in a format encoded for a first target node by the transmitter, if that information is encoded to be forwarded by the network node. The controller may also be configured to cause information from the user interface to be transmitted in a format encoded for a second target node by the transmitter. Related processes are also disclosed.
An apparatus and method for operating a base station and a mobile station in a communication system are provided. The operation of the base station includes persistently allocating resources to at least one mobile station and transmitting, in a current frame, a control information message including a change counter flag indicating whether persistent resource allocation information, transmitted in a previous frame, is changed. An operation of the mobile station includes receiving a control information message, including a change counter flag indicating whether persistent resource allocation information included in a control information message transmitted in a previous frame is changed, from a base station in a current frame and checking a value of the change counter flag.
A radio channel estimation result which is an estimation result of a state of a propagation path to a mobile terminal that is a communication target, is generated. Whether a correction operation for correcting a frequency drift of a radio frequency used in radio communication between a radio base station and the mobile terminal has converged or not is determined. Then, a moving speed of the mobile terminal is estimated using only the radio channel estimation result at the time when the correction operation has converged.
In one of its aspects the technology concerns a method of operating a telecommunications system comprising a serving radio base station and a candidate radio base station. The serving radio base station comprises a radio base station to which a wireless mobile station provides measurement reports. The serving radio base station and the candidate radio base station are different with respect to at least one of frequency and radio access technology. The method comprises the serving radio base station allowing the mobile station to obtain information broadcasted by the candidate radio base station. The information is either information for locating Cell Global Identity (CGI) of the candidate radio base station or the Cell Global Identity (CGI) itself of the radio base station. The mobile station obtains the information from the candidate radio base station during at least one reading gap. The reading gap is a time period in which the mobile station does not receive information from the serving radio base station.
In a cellular radio system measurement bandwidth for a plurality of base stations belonging to a cellular radio system is performed by configuring the base stations to signal the measurement bandwidth to user equipments connected to the cellular radio system for performing downlink neighbor cell measurements over the signaled measurement bandwidth in the user equipment by first receiving a set of information. The received information is used for configuring the measurement bandwidth using the received set of information and the configured measurement bandwidth is signaled to the base stations.
Systems and methods that provide remote access are described In one embodiment, a system may include, for example, a plurality of communication devices and a media device. The plurality of communication devices may be operatively coupled to a network and may include, for example, a native communication device The media device may be operatively coupled to the native communication device and the network. The media device may be associated with the native communication device and the network and may be capable of exchanging media content with the plurality of communication devices and the network. A profile of the media device may be stored in at least one of the media device and the native communication device. The profile may include, for example, information related to managing the media content when the media device is roaming.
Systems and methods that enable a network to configure its neighbor relation (e.g., automatically) by commanding each user equipment (UE) to scan its respective area for neighbor base stations on a predetermined frequency or radio access technology. Moreover, the network can compile lists (e.g., whitelists that identify base stations associated with the network, and black lists that indicate base stations associated with foreign networks) and advise the UEs accordingly (e.g., regarding possibilities for availability of base stations.) The network can therefore configure its neighbor relations automatically and with a higher precision as compared to manual configurations.
Disclosed are a network-based device, method and computer-readable medium for providing registration macros in an IP multimedia subsystem (IMS). The method embodiment includes receiving an instruction from a user regarding a plurality of registration changes of customer Public User Identities at one or several pieces of equipment and implementing a macro such that the first step comprising at least one of a registration or de-registration and a second step comprising one of a registration or a de-registration both occur based on the instruction from the user.
Disclosed are a network-based device, method and computer-readable medium for operating a network device in an IP multimedia subsystem. The method embodiment includes receiving an instruction for a de-registration action for a Public User ID (PUID) registered at a device in the IMS, the instruction being initiated remotely from a device different from the device to which the de-registration applies and performing the de-registration action wherein the PUID is de-registered from the device in the IMS network.
Disclosed are a network-based device, method and computer-readable medium for operating an IP Multimedia Subsystem (IMS) to provide registration review. The method embodiment includes tracking and storing all current registrations for each user in an IMS system, receiving a request from a user for a status of the user's current registrations and presenting, in response to the request, the current status of current registrations for the user.
Disclosed are network-based device, method and computer readable medium associated with an IP Multimedia Subsystem for providing registration alerts in the IMS system. The method embodiment includes detecting a predetermined event associated with a registration state associated with all of a user's registrations in the IMS and transmitting a notification to a user which reports the occurrence of the predetermined event. The method may also include taking an action relative to the user's registration state in the IMS system based on the user interaction with the notification.
Disclosed are a network-based device, method and computer readable medium for operating an IMS to provide IMS services to originating sessions from a device upon which the user is not registered. The method includes receiving communication from a user on a device upon which the user is not registered at a 2-stage dialing server, authenticating the user, determining a Public User ID (PUID) for the user, receiving an identification of a called party from the user, arranging for IMS services to be provided to the user on the device, sending an INVITE signal from the 2-stage dialing server on behalf of the user PUID to the called party and setting up the media connection from the device to the device associated with the called party.
A method and system automatically activates a mobile station in a wireless communications network. The system includes an over the air activation function (OTAF) processor in the network that initiates an activation process in response to receiving a registration message from a mobile switching center serving the mobile station requesting the activation. Each mobile station has a unit of information stored into it at the time of its manufacture to enable it to request over the air activation. That unit of information is either the network routing address of the OTAF processor, or alternately, it is a value that is translatable into that address, either an OTAF ID number that is the same value for every mobile station or it is a sequentially serialized dummy value for the mobile identification number (a dummy MIN). When the mobile station is turned on for the first time in the network, it requests activation over the air by transmitting to the local mobile switching center a registration order. The registration order will include one of the three alternative forms of the information unit described above, either the routing address of the OTAF processor, or the OTAF ID number, or a dummy MIN.
Disclosed are a networked-based device, method and computer-readable medium associated with an IP multimedia subsystem (IMS) for use in managing the registration of users at various devices. The method embodiment includes receiving a request for a registration action to change an IMS registration state associated with a contact location of the registration state, the request being received from a device that may be different from the contact location of the IMS registration state; and communicating data to and from the different device to implement the change in the IMS registration state.
The present invention provides a method of and a network entity for processing a random access preamble. The network entity comprises a transceiver for receiving an random access preamble; and a processor for determining if the random access preamble is successfully detected, and for determining, in the case where the random access preamble is not successfully detected, if a combined preamble resulting from a combination of the random access preamble with a previous random access preamble received at the network entity prior to reception of the random access preamble and having an identical signature to the signature of the random access preamble, is successfully detected.
The disclosure is directed to a mobile communication device, and method for handing off a mobile communications device between two networks. A processor in the mobile device may be used to establish a network connection with a server in a first network while supporting a call in a second network. The mobile device may also include a transceiver that receives information from the server relating to the network connection. The processor may use the information, local measurements, or both to determine whether to handoff the call to the first network.
Disclosed are a base station and mobile station to adaptively control a bandwidth of a channel. The base station includes a state information recognition unit to recognize neighboring-state information related with a traffic load of at least one neighboring network adjacent to a target network, a control state information transmitting unit to transmit control state information related with the controlled bandwidth of the target channel to mobile stations of the target network, and a bandwidth control unit to control a bandwidth of a target channel used in the target network according to a bandwidth of a channel used in the neighboring network based on the neighboring-state information.
When measurement results of received radio wave intensities of wireless base stations, which demands a soft handoff, are received from a wireless terminal in a wireless communication system and when a base station controller attempts to acquire a traffic channel in a wireless base station, via which a wireless communication path will be added, in the state in which the channel resource usage rate of that wireless base station is over a threshold, a traffic channel may be acquired only if the ratio between the radio wave intensity of the wireless base stations establishing communication paths and the radio wave intensity of the wireless base station via which a communication path will be added is higher than a threshold or if the difference between the radio wave intensity of the wireless base stations and the radio wave intensity of the wireless base station smaller than a threshold.
A method and apparatus for a radio frequency planning tool using high resolution ribbon maps to verify a line of sight condition of fixed radio links for designing a fixed radio network. A method includes generating a radio link between a transmitter and a receiver using a respective generated low resolution map, and acquiring a high resolution ribbon map for the identified radio link between the transmitter and each of the at least one receiver. The method also includes verifying a line of sight condition for each identified radio link using a respective high resolution ribbon map, determining if the line of sight condition for each identified radio link is satisfied, and concluding a design of a fixed radio network between the transmitter and each of the at least one receiver when the line of sight condition is satisfied for each desired radio link, or no LOS link can be found for some sites.
A method for transmitting data including determining at least one allowable time period which is allowed to be used for data transmission via a communication channel during a time interval which is pre-defined as a transmission gap for the communication channel for carrying out measurements in a first frequency range which is different from a second frequency range used for data transmissions via the communication channel; and transmitting data during the at least one allowable time period via the communication channel.
Providing for efficient utilization of channel element device ladder (CEDL) resources is described herein. By way of example, a received data request can be packed in a first portion of the CEDL and a received voice request can be packed in a second portion of the CEDL. Subsequent requests can be assigned to contiguous channel elements (CEs) of the CEDL within the first or second portion, as suitable. In addition, non-assigned CEs can be maintained in a third portion of the CEDL, by packing requests initially from opposite ends of the first and second portion, and be re-packing dropped traffic within the CEDL. Accordingly, the subject disclosure provides for efficient utilization of CEDL resources both for incoming voice traffic requests and incoming data traffic requests, by packing and maintaining data, voice and un-assigned CEs in contiguous portions of the CEDL.
A transmission rate control method according to the present invention includes: determining, at the radio base station NodeB, a maximum granted value that can be notified to the mobile station UE, in accordance with the happy bit notified from the mobile station UE; calculating, at the radio base station NodeB, as an allowable value to be notified to the mobile station UE, a granted value not more than the maximum granted value; notifying, from the radio base station NodeB to the mobile station UE, the granted value calculated at the radio base station NodeB, by using a transmission rate control channel; and transmitting, from the mobile station UE, the uplink user data, at a transmission rate corresponding to the granted value notified from the radio base station NodeB.
A transmission rate control method according to the present invention includes: determining, at the radio base station NodeB, a maximum granted value that can be notified to the mobile station UE, in accordance with a throughput at which the uplink user data transmitted from the mobile station UE to the radio base station NodeB is successfully received at a point of time; calculating, at the radio base station NodeB, as an allowable value to be notified to the mobile station UE, a granted value not more than the maximum granted value; notifying, from the radio base station NodeB to the mobile station UE, the granted value calculated at the radio base station NodeB, by using a transmission rate control channel; and transmitting, from the mobile station UE, the uplink user data, at the transmission rate corresponding to the granted value notified from the radio base station NodeB.
Controlling spectrum use in a first wireless communications system which takes part in a spectrum assignment process, in which one of the first wireless communications system and a second wireless communications system assigns a portion of spectrum to the other of the first and second wireless communications system. The first wireless communications system includes a plurality of network elements some or all located within a cell associated with a particular network element of the second wireless communications system. The controlling includes coordinating network elements of the first wireless communications system to identify a portion of spectrum which is either available for assignment from the network elements of the first wireless communications system to the particular network element of the second wireless communications system, or required to be assigned from the particular network element of the second wireless communications system to the network elements of the first wireless communications system.
A method of controlling spectrum use in a first wireless communications system which is operable to take part in a spectrum assignment process involving a plurality of wireless communications systems including the first wireless communications system, in which spectrum assignment process one of the said wireless communications systems assigns a portion of spectrum to at least one of the other said wireless communications systems. The method comprising effecting an instance of the spectrum assignment process in response to a trigger which is based on network conditions.
In an example embodiment of the present invention, the method includes creating a plurality of data packets. Each data packet in the plurality of data packets includes a plurality of coded cellular signals. The plurality of data packets are sent over a data network associated with at least one sector served by a plurality of transceivers, and at least one of the plurality of transceivers broadcasts the data packets. A location of a mobile station is determined based on received multi-paths associated with response from the mobile station to broadcast of at least one of the plurality of data packets.
An apparatus for providing a task reminder to be performed at a task location includes a monitoring module that monitors a location of a user via a mobile communication device associated with the user at predetermined time intervals for tracking historical travel information of the user, and a data store for storing the historical travel information and for storing user specified task information that includes a task and a task location. In an exemplary embodiment, the apparatus includes a reminder module that is configured to determine a reminder position as a position where an estimated probability of the user traveling from the reminder position at a particular time in a trajectory leading away from the task location exceeds an estimated probability of the user traveling from the reminder position at that same time in a trajectory leading toward the task location by a threshold value. The reminder module generates a reminder of the task when the reminder position is identified.
A method for synchronizing location trigger information, a location device, and a Secure User-Plane Location (SUPL)-Enabled Terminal (SET) includes: receiving a request for synchronizing location trigger information from a location User Equipment (UE), where the request carries the user identifier information of the user; from the correspondingly stored user identifier information and location trigger information, obtaining the location trigger information corresponding to the user identifier information of the location user; and generating a response message that carries the obtained location trigger information and sending the response message to the location UE.
Methods, systems, apparatus, and computer program products are provided to harness massively distributed, but locally available location, application usage, device usage, network and overall Radio Frequency (RF) systems awareness, processing, memory and connectivity from mobile devices in a manner which would broadly characterize the environments these mobile devices operate within given the capabilities of each type of mobile device to contribute information about its local environment.
A system and associated method receives a command from a user's mobile device to locate points of interest near the mobile device's location. The points of interest are associated with different, user-identified, point of interest categories. Based at least in part on the mobile device's location, the system substantially simultaneously provides a list of points of interest for at least some of the point of interest categories.
An apparatus for indicating location of a mobile telecommunication device includes: a transmitting unit; and a fixing structure supporting the transmitting unit. The fixing structure effects removable affixation between the fixing structure and the mobile communication device. The transmitting unit effects communications with a communication network.
The invention provides a system for providing geographic information. The system includes a mobile unit having a first geographic database and a base unit having a second geographic database that is more up-to-date than the first geographic database. The base unit receives a request from a mobile unit for updated geographic data. The base unit identifies a portion of the second geographic database that corresponds to the request and provides a response to the mobile unit comprising the identified portion of the second geographic database.
A mobile telecommunications network is disclosed that allows a user to define a message script having a plurality of event fields. Tags may be associated with defined events and actions at the server end. A user may then transmit a message to the server with tag information in the message script format. The server processes the message to extract the tag information, lookup the events using the tags and perform the associated actions. In one particular example, fixed message content may be stored in the server and a message having fixed message content and variable message content may be sent to recipients by first sending a message script with tags and the variable content to the server.
Methods and system for integrated messaging are disclosed. Interaction by a user of a mobile device with a graphic user interface of the mobile device is detected. A command is generated based on such interaction independent of further user interaction. An SMS message including the command is transmitted to server, which stores executable instructions associated with the command. Such instructions provide for generation of data in response to the command and may be executed by the server (or another server). The responsive data is then transmitted to the mobile device.
Methods and apparatuses for processing an instant message from a source wireless communication device to a destination device are described herein. In one aspect of the invention, an exemplary method includes receiving the instant message from the source wireless communication device, the instant message having a source wireless communication identifier, a destination instant messenger identifier, and data contents; extracting the source wireless communication identifier, the destination instant messenger identifier and the data contents from the instant message; retrieving a source instant messenger identifier corresponding to the source wireless communication identifier; binding the source instant messenger identifier with the source wireless communication identifier; and transmitting the data contents with the source instant messenger identifier to the destination device over a communication network, based on the destination instant messenger identifier. Other methods and apparatuses are also described.
A method of updating channel information by a mobile station (MS) that is in power saving mode is disclosed. More specifically, the method includes the MS which receives status information of a first channel descriptor and transmission frame information which includes when the first channel descriptor is to be transmitted. Furthermore, the MS compares status information of the first channel descriptor with status information of a second channel descriptor. Here, the second channel descriptor is stored in the MS. Lastly, if the compared status information are different, the MS receives the first channel descriptor according to the transmission frame information.
A method of updating channel information by a mobile station (MS) that is in power saving mode is disclosed. More specifically, the method includes the MS which receives status information of a first channel descriptor and transmission frame information which includes when the first channel descriptor is to be transmitted. Furthermore, the MS compares status information of the first channel descriptor with status information of a second channel descriptor. Here, the second channel descriptor is stored in the MS. Lastly, if the compared status information are different, the MS receives the first channel descriptor according to the transmission frame information.
A mobile computing device comprises a housing, a memory, a first current source driver, an audio interface and a processing circuit. The housing is configured to be held in a hand during use. The memory is configured to store audio data. The audio interface comprises a first terminal, a second terminal, and a common ground terminal for the first and second terminals. The processing circuit is configured to control the first current source driver to provide a first audio signal on the first terminal based on the audio data.
The present invention involves a radio communication terminal comprising a camera module and an information receiving device, wherein said camera module comprise at least one mounting opening, said radio communication terminal further comprise at least one pin, which is connected to said information receiving device, and at least one resilient member, and said pin is adapted to be inserted into said mounting opening of said camera module and to interact with said resilient member to lock the camera module to the information receiving device.
An apparatus and method are disclosed that enable an organization's enterprise-wide network to accommodate roaming wireless terminals that are affiliated with the local enterprise networks within the enterprise-wide network. In particular, the illustrative-embodiment system is capable of handling a wireless terminal such as a cellular telephone that is able to use different subscriber identity module cards, or SIM cards, in different geographic regions or service-provider networks. A mobility client that is part of the wireless terminal registers when it detects that a new SIM card has been installed at the wireless terminal, whereby the client provides the subscriber-specific information that the wireless terminal reads from the SIM card. The mobility client identifies itself to the server by a user identifier, such as the station extension with which the terminal is affiliated back at the home local enterprise network. Upon successful registration, the client receives an access number that is suitable for its current location.
An identity module includes a memory and a processor. In the memory are stored installation code for installing in the memory a customization suite that associates the identity module with a communication services provider and communication code that, in combination with the customization suite, supports communication by a host of the identity module using services of the communication services provider. The processor executes the installation code to install the customization suite and then executes the communication code in support of the communication. Preferably, no portion of any such communication suite is stored initially in the identity module. The host requests the customization suite from a server that includes a communication interface for communicating with the host, a memory wherein is stored code for providing substantially the entire customization suite to the host, and a processor for executing the code.
A plurality of simultaneous requests sent from one or a plurality of clients is processed by a (U)SIM card operating in a server mode.
The present invention relates to a method of communication between a chip card ((U)SIM) provided with a server (SCWS) and one or a plurality of clients wherein the card is included in a mobile radio terminal to communicate via at least one BIP channel with the terminal, the terminal performs a gateway function between the BIP channel and a plurality of TCP connections for one or more clients described above.
An identity module includes a memory and a processor. In the memory are stored installation code for installing in the memory a provider profile that associates the identity module with a communication services provider and communication code that, in combination with the provider profile, supports communication by a host of the identity module using services of the communication services provider. The processor executes the installation code to install the provider profile and then executes the communication code in support of the communication. Preferably, no portion of any such communication suite is stored initially in the identity module. The host requests the provider profile from a server that includes a communication interface for communicating with the host, a memory wherein is stored code for providing to the host a customization suite that includes substantially all of the provider profile, and a processor for executing the code.
Disclosed herein is a storage medium to be attached to a mobile phone for use, the storage medium including: a contact type connection section configured to connect with the mobile phone; a wireless communication section configured to connect with a controller located outside; a subscriber information storage section configured to store subscriber information about a subscriber using the mobile phone; and a conflict control section configured to control access to the subscriber information storage section by the mobile phone through the contact type connection section, and access to the subscriber information storage section by the controller through the wireless communication section.
An electronic device includes a transceiver, a solid state memory, a charge port, at least one speaker, and a software music player. The device is adapted by toggle interface to function as a telephone hands free earpiece, a wireless flash drive, or a wireless music player.
A system and method for facilitating replacement of landlines with a wireless device system by remotely alerting a user of any one of a plurality of handheld wireless communication devices each having a characteristic call alert sounds, of an incoming communication in which any wireless communications device is placed in a holder-docking station which senses that there is an incoming communication to that wireless device and transmits signals corresponding to any device placed therein which causes one or more remotely located annunciators to broadcast characteristic sounds associated with the device placed in any holder-docking station.
A power amplifying apparatus has a bandwidth limitation process circuit to which an envelope signal included in a transmission signal is inputted, and which performs a bandwidth limitation process on the envelope signal, a variable power supply circuit for generating a power amplifier supply voltage based on a voltage control signal generated by the bandwidth limitation process circuit, and a power amplifier which is fed an input signal, and which is driven in accordance with the supply voltage from the variable power supply circuit.
When a network pages the temporary user mobile identifier of a mobile station, the mobile station sends a response to the network. Next, the network checks the authenticity of the user using a ciphering key, corresponding to the temporary user mobile identifier and a random number. If the temporary user mobile identifier is authenticated, a normal incoming call acceptance procedure is executed. If the mobile station is authenticated although the temporary user mobile identifier is wrong, the network reassigns a new temporary user mobile identifier to the mobile station and stops the current communication. In communication, the network and the mobile station mutually notify encipherment-onset time and negotiate about encipherment manner with each other. In addition, diversity handover is commenced upon a call attempt. Furthermore, if a branch replacement is necessary, the current branch is replaced by new branches capable of executing the diversity handover. Additionally, when a new call occurs to or from the mobile station capable of treating a plurality of calls simultaneously, the mobile station uses the same branch structure and the same communication frequency band for all of calls. Additionally, when a new call occurs to or from the mobile station capable of treating a plurality of calls simultaneously, a branch structure and a communication frequency band, which can continue all of the calls, are selected and used. Therefore, the mobile communications system is suitable for transmission of various sorts of data in accordance with the development of multimedia.
A system and a method for reducing the power consumption of a wireless terminal and increasing capacity of a wireless communication system, without sacrificing the functions of the terminal. A base station includes a memory for storing the characteristics of the wireless terminal, the types of voice traffic that are supported by the terminal, and a program for executing an algorithm for exchanging control messages with the terminal via a wireless network. The algorithm is modified based on the particular characteristics of the wireless terminal, and sets the frequency of message exchange to not to exceed a predetermined frequency. In addition, the algorithm limits a time that information is displayed on the wireless terminal to a predetermined duration of time.
A structure and a method for waterproofing a mobile phone are disclosed, to prevent entry of water through a recharging connector of the mobile phone such that an internal circuit in a main body is not damaged by water. The waterproofing method includes a housing molding process wherein a housing is insert-molded to have a contact terminal and a ground terminal, a groove for connection with a sealing member, and a mounting hole for mounting to a PCB, a sealing member assembling process wherein the housing, a shell, and the sealing member are assembled into an assembly, a connector assembling process wherein the assembly is mounted to the PCB so that the terminals of the housing contact a connection terminal of a PCB connector, and a casing assembling process wherein upper and lower casings are connected to the sealing member.
A vegetative shredder and destemming apparatus that includes a shredding drum having a interior volume into which a harvested plant crop may be placed for processing. The drum includes a substantially cylindrical side with a plurality of openings and at least one brush roller disposed proximate the cylindrical side. A motor rotates the shredding drum and the brush rollers simultaneously. The apparatus employs centrifugal force to urge portions of the plant material into engagement with the drum's cylindrical side and the openings therethrough so as to allow bring the brush rollers to mechanically shred and destem the plant material.
A system for playing in a simulated indoor golf tournament comprises a web enabled physical golf simulator configured to transmit indoor golf performance data over a computer network during an indoor golf tournament. Tournaments can be conducted between players in different locations so that the participants in a given tournament need not be in the same city or country in order to compete. Players need not be available at the same time in order to compete against each other. In addition, the tournaments can be conducted live, with all participants competing at the same time, to simulate the pace of an outdoor golf tournament.
Systems and methods related to gaming based on the results at intervals of a race. Other embodiments are disclosed.
Skill crane games and other amusement vending machines having display devices and other interactive features to enhance game play are disclosed herein. A skill crane game configured in accordance with one embodiment includes at least one prize positioned within a transparent enclosure. The skill crane game further includes a user-operated joystick operably coupled to a prize selecting device and a display device, such as a video screen, positioned within the enclosure. In one embodiment, the skill crane game allows a player to select a prize from multiple prizes displayed on the video screen, and the prize selecting device then obtains the prize for the player. In another embodiment, the skill crane game allows the player to play a video game on the video screen before attempting to obtain a prize with the prize selecting device. If the player wins the video game, the skill crane game can award prizes, such as bonus time, that affect the subsequent attempt to obtain a prize.
Stringed instruments, game controllers, and related structures and methods are described. A game controller having one or more strings is described for a computer gaming application. Output signals may be sent from the controller to the gaming application indicative of fingering of the game controller and the time at which the strings of the game controller are struck. Multi-mode apparatus are also described. A stringed apparatus may be used as both a game controller and an instrument. Bracing structures and methods are also described for bracing stringed apparatus, such as stringed game controllers and instruments.
Disclosed herein is a method and system for a skill based adaptation of a poker game. Each of a first player and a plurality of second players of the poker game are evaluated for correct play after bets are placed. The correct play of the first player and second players is determined based on making the second players of the poker game fold by the first player and also playing with a null or a positive expected value. The expected value is calculated based on bets placed by each of the first player and the second players, probability of winning the poker game by the first player and the second players, and sum of the bets placed. A predefined percentage of the bets placed is awarded to the first player and the second players for the correct play.
A gaming method is implemented using an electronic gaming apparatus, and includes: upon initiating a game, displaying a cell matrix including a plurality of cell groups, each of the cell groups including a plurality of cells, each displaying a randomly selected indicium, the indicia displayed in the cells of the cell groups of the cell matrix forming a pattern; after a bet is placed, randomly selecting one of the cell groups; determining if the displayed indicia in the selected cell group comply with predetermined winning criteria; and if yes, granting an award on the basis of the bet and the predetermined winning criteria. A gaming apparatus and a computer program product are also disclosed.
A gaming system comprising: a touch screen display arranged to display a plurality of reels; and a game controller arranged to: control display of the plurality of reels; receive a signal from the touch screen display indicative that the touch screen display has been touched at a position corresponding to one of the reels; and alter the speed of rotation of at least one reel based on the signal.
A method and system for playing a terminal based lottery game having a slot machine theme includes assigning a defined set of objects to respective slot positions, the objects being unknown to game players. A player chooses at least one grouping of the slot positions from a plurality of possible groupings, and the system records the player's selection. For each of the slot positions, the system randomly selects an object from the set of objects assigned to each respective slot position such that a play set of the objects is generated for the player's grouping of slot positions. The player is awarded a prize amount that is a function of the number or combination of matches of objects within the player's play set. The methodology and system are particularly well suited for a poker slot machine theme game wherein the player's selected grouping corresponds to a poker hand, with the objects assigned to the respective slot positions corresponding to a poker deck of cards.
A method of gaming comprising: generating a game outcome by selecting symbols for a plurality of symbol positions arranged in a plurality of columns, at least some of the selected symbols being displayed to a player; generating a win entitlement by selecting a symbol pattern to be evaluated in respect of the game outcome, the symbol pattern consisting of a subset of displayed symbol positions; and evaluating the win entitlement by determining the extent to which the subset of displayed symbol positions corresponds to one or more designated winning symbols.
In a slot game executed by a slot machine, three reels are scrolled and then stopped, and an image for an effect is displayed on an image display area. Then an award is provided according to a symbol combination displayed when the reels have been stopped and the image displayed on the image display area. Therefore, more number of winning combinations can be assignable than the number of symbol combinations assignable by symbols drawn on the three reels.
Methods and apparatus, including computer program products, implementing and using techniques for providing a gaming apparatus. The gaming apparatus includes a primary display area, a wager data device, a secondary display area, and a controller. The wager data device receives wager data indicative of a wager submitted by a player. Results of the base game are displayed on the primary display area. Credits earned in the base game are converted to points in the secondary game. Results of the secondary game are displayed on the secondary display area while the base game is being played, in relation to predetermined point levels for each round of the secondary game. Based on the achieved point levels and the predetermined point levels for each round of the secondary game, it is determined whether to advance the player or to end the secondary game.
A gaming system comprising: a plurality of gaming devices; a common physical group game display comprising a an object arranged to travel on a path relative to the plurality of gaming devices; and a group game controller in data communication with the plurality of gaming devices and the group game display, the group game controller configured to: determine a game outcome of a group game; and control movement of the object relative to the plurality of gaming devices based on the game outcome.
A gaming machine that provides a game in which an array of symbol positions are populated with game symbols from a set of game symbols, the set of game symbols including ordinary game symbols and at least one special symbol, the gaming machine being adapted to award an award if a winning combination of game symbols is displayed, the gaming machine including a user interface in communication with a game controller, wherein the game controller is adapted to enhance the characteristics of at least one of the ordinary game symbols to create at least one enhanced symbol based upon the relative location of the ordinary game symbol to a special symbol.
A gaming machine of the present invention provides a normal award, based on symbols rearranged to a first display portion or a combination thereof; meanwhile, every time a specific symbol is rearranged to any of display blocks in the first display portion, the gaming machine additionally displays the specific symbol to the corresponding display block in the second display portion, and the gaming machine provides a special award when a plurality of specific symbols are displayed to the second display portion in a specific arrangement.
A gaming machine of the present invention provides a normal award, based on symbols rearranged to a first display portion or a combination thereof; meanwhile, only when a first specific symbol or a second specific symbol different from the first specific symbol is rearranged to any of display blocks in the first display portion and neither the first specific symbol nor the second specific symbol is displayed to the corresponding display block in the second display portion, the gaming machine additionally displays the first or second specific symbol to the corresponding display block in the second display portion, and the gaming machine provides a special award when a plurality of the first specific symbols are displayed to the second display portion in a specific arrangement.
A gaming machine having a multipoint sensing device capable of sensing a multipoint gesture, which includes at least two simultaneously touched points. One or both of the points can serve as an initial starting point for a gesture, which represents a continuous movement across the multipoint sensing device. The multipoint sensing device produces data representing a multipoint gesture, which data is analyzed to determine a wagering-game function to be executed. For example, the wagering-game function may be selecting a payline by touching two distinct points in a slot-type wagering game. Another function may be increasing a bonus award by dragging two fingers in opposite directions. Yet another function may be selecting a bonus award amount by holding one finger while dragging another ringer to aim at a target representing multiple bonus award amounts, one of those amounts being revealed to the player upon release of the other finger.
A gaming system comprising: a display; and a game controller arranged to: carry out a first game during which play of the first game is displayed as a first game display on the display; add at least a second game display to the display in response to a trigger event; and carry out a second game during which play of the second game is displayed on the second game display.
A method of gaming including: (a) generating and displaying a plurality of first symbols as a plurality of first symbol rows; (b) generating a plurality of second symbols; (c) adding the second symbols as one or more rows of second symbols to the plurality of first symbol rows to form a group of symbol rows comprising the first symbol rows and the second symbol rows; and (d) determining a game outcome from the group of symbol rows.
A gaming system comprising a selector arranged to select a plurality of symbols from a set of symbols for display in a display area at a plurality of display positions and to select a plurality of win line elements. The gaming system is arranged to define a special win line when a plurality of win line elements are contiguously displayed across the display area, and an outcome generator arranged to determine a game outcome based on symbols displayed along the special win line if a special win line is defined. A corresponding method is also disclosed.
A gaming system is disclosed which comprises a symbol selector arranged to select a plurality of symbols for display at a plurality of display positions, each display position including at least two symbols, and an outcome evaluator arranged to determine whether symbol combinations defined by the displayed symbols correspond to one or more winning outcomes. Each symbol combination includes one symbol from each display position used to form the symbol combination. A corresponding method is also described.
A system and method for actively validating a network device is provided. Nodes in a network game community are prompted to engage in interrogation and response to facilitate the identification of nodes operating with hacked, modified and non-typical game configurations. In one embodiment, a query is presented to a user's machine which triggers a response, and where the response indicates whether certain data at the user is valid and wherein invalid data is suggestive of illegal community behavior. Functions are triggered and data is queried to determine whether the state of game environment is operating according to known metrics or constraints. Various queries to test user integrity include memory peeks, confirmation of location of functions in memory, memory hashing, profiling of threads operating on the user machine, and combinations thereof. Queries may be actively initiated by a server, peer, peer group or combinations thereof and may be scheduled on a routine basis, triggered in response to passive listening, and via collaborating users who suspect cheat activity.
A gaming machine performs an effect using a Morse code.
The invention is implemented by a computer system comprising a game site administering a collective on-line game between a plurality of players, and a plurality of terminals available to the respective players. The method comprises at least one game session comprising the steps consisting in: a) selecting a first sub-population of adversary-players and a second sub-population, distinct from the first, of spectator-players, and associating these two sub-populations with a given game, the spectator-players being selected in a manner that ensures they are associated with adversary-players in an absolutely indeterminate manner; b) beginning the game between the adversary-players; c) communicating parameters describing the game to the spectator-players; d) authorizing the spectator-players to place respective bets; e) authorizing the spectator-player to place wagers on the outcome of the game, together with associated respective bets; and f) after the end of the game, allocating a score to each player in application of predefined criteria and as a function of the result of the game and of the bets placed by each player, this allocation being performed in distinct manners amongst the adversary-players and amongst the spectator-players.
A jackpot system comprising at least two jackpot controllers including a first jackpot controller arranged to act at least as a master jackpot controller and a second jackpot controller arranged to act as either a master or a slave jackpot controller, the first jackpot controller arranged to act as the master jackpot controller by conducting at least one jackpot during which the master jackpot controller aggregates jackpot data and at least periodically communicates the aggregated data to at least the second jackpot controller, and the second jackpot controller arranged to act initially as the slave jackpot controller and communicate jackpot data to the first jackpot controller for aggregation, the second jackpot controller arranged to store the aggregated data received from the first jackpot controller and to act as the master controller if the master jackpot controller fails by continuing to conduct the at least one jackpot based on the stored aggregated data and by aggregating further jackpot data.
A location detection and tracking system for use in a casino. The system includes several gaming devices that are configured to allow a player to place a wager and to play a game. A player locator device is configured to transmit at least one location of the player. A server is in communication with the gaming devices and the player locator device. The server determines a first location of the player, accesses a database of player preference parameters and selects at least one of the player preference parameters. A gaming device that is in proximity to the first location can be determined and the selected player preference parameter can be downloaded to the gaming device. The server causes the gaming device to display the selected player preference parameter.
Certain embodiments relate to a gaming system and method for playing a game which is able to achieve a jackpot outcome when a jackpot trigger condition is satisfied. The jackpot trigger condition may be changed on instructions from a jackpot controller. In one embodiment, the jackpot trigger condition of an electronic gaming machine is re-set from time to time by a jackpot controller. The system may be used to play games like Keno or Bingo on EGMs, the jackpot controller downloading jackpot trigger conditions for the Keno or Bingo game (e.g. Keno or Bingo numbers).
A method of gaming comprising: selecting a plurality of symbols and displaying the selected symbols at respective ones of a plurality of display positions arranged in a grid having a plurality of display positions arranged between a plurality of pairs of opposing sides, each symbol being selected from a symbol set; determining whether a line of contiguous symbols is formed by one or more designated symbols between a pair of opposing sides of the grid; and making an award in response to a positive determination.
A jackpot triggering method comprising: determining a jackpot trigger value from a current value of at least one jackpot trigger parameter; generating a submission value in response to receipt of a contribution associated with a gaming device participating in the jackpot, by using a value of at least one contribution parameter associated with the contribution as a seed value to randomly generate the submission value; and making a jackpot award if the submission value corresponds to the jackpot trigger value.
A method of gaming comprises initiating a jackpot event responsive to receiving an event trigger; determining whether to award a prize to a player in the jackpot event, the probability of awarding the prize in the jackpot event being dependent on a value of a jackpot evaluation parameter accumulated over a plurality of games; and awarding the prize in response to making a positive determination.
A method of gaming comprising conducting a jackpot having a jackpot prize awarded from a jackpot pool; receiving at least one player prediction of a final value of a parameter characterizing the jackpot prize when the jackpot is awarded determining that a jackpot prize is to be awarded; determining a final value of the parameter corresponding to the award of the jackpot; and determining whether to award one or more prizes from a prediction prize pool based on each player prediction and the final value.
A method of protecting game program code of an electronic gaming machine (EGM) comprising: determining prior to execution of the game program code whether there is a dongle in data communication with the EGM that contains a valid game token corresponding to the game program code; and taking at least one protective action if a valid game token is not located.
A hybrid gaming system comprising: an electronic gaming machine (EGM) comprising: a cabinet; a base game interface disposed within the cabinet and comprising a display and a base game player instruction input mechanism, a processor disposed within the cabinet and arranged to conduct a base game based on at least one player instruction received from the base game player instruction input mechanism; a feature game device mounted to the cabinet and comprising a feature game display mounted to the cabinet and a feature game instruction mechanism operable by the player to input at least one instruction; a trigger monitor arranged to determine that a trigger event has occurred such that a feature game is to be conducted; and a feature game controller located remotely from the EGM and responsive to the trigger monitor to generate feature data for at least one feature game to be displayed on the feature game display and to process the at least one instruction.
The present disclosure provides a gaming device, a gaming system and a method for operating a gaming device or gaming system with a plurality of progressive awards. The gaming device enables a player to select one of the progressive awards. The player's selection of which progressive award to play for is based, at least in part, on a relative probability of the player winning the selected progressive award compared to the relative probabilities of the player winning the non-selected progressive awards. After selecting which award to play for, the gaming device either provides the selected progressive award to the player or modifies the relative probability that the player will win the selected progressive award with one or more of any award selections remaining. Such a configuration enables the player to strategically select which award to play for and the order that the player will play for the awards. 
A gaming system for conducting a wagering game includes an input device for receiving a wager to play a wagering game. The gaming system further includes at least one display for displaying a plurality of game elements. The at least one display is adapted to display a first three-dimensional view of the plurality of game elements from a first viewpoint and a second three-dimensional view of at least one of the plurality of game elements indicating a randomly-selected outcome from a second viewpoint. The first three-dimensional view and the second three-dimensional view are rendered in real-time.
A system for allowing a player to invoke magic or other special powers in a video game is provided. To activate the magic, the player moves a motion detecting controller in accordance with one or more provided instructions. The outcome of the activation of the magic can be determinate on, for example, speed, accuracy, etc. Controllers in one or both hands may be used, and the instructions can be as simple as single direction gestures and as complex as multi-directional symbols which must be traced in the air. A sequence of any type of instructions may also be provided to instruct the activation of the magic.
The invention is implemented by a computer system comprising a game site administering a collective on-line game between a plurality of players, and a plurality of terminals available to the respective players. The method comprises at least one game session comprising steps consisting in: a) selecting a first sub-population of adversary-players and a second sub-population of spectator-players; b) beginning a game between the adversary-players; c) authorizing adversary-players to place a series of bets; d) communicating parameters descriptive of the play of the game to the spectator-players; e) authorizing the spectator-players to place a series of bets distinct from the bets placed by the adversary-players; and f) at the end of a game, awarding a score to each player as a function of predefined criteria and as a function of the result of the game and of the bets placed by each player; said awarding being performed differently amongst the adversary-players and amongst the spectator-players.
A method for providing an interactive video game over a digital communications network. The method involves operating an interactive computer game on interconnected computer games terminals. The method includes receiving, at each of the computer games terminals, interactive user input data from a controller associated with the computer games terminal and also interactive user input data from a controller associated with each of the other of the plurality of computer game terminals. The method further includes rendering a graphical representation of the computer game based on the interactive user input data. Then, with at least one of the plurality of computer game terminals, non-interactive user input data is received from a controller associated with a further computer games terminal associated with a non-interactive user. The method continues with rendering the graphical representation of the computer game based on the interactive user input data and, selectively, the non-interactive user input data.
A computer game terminal, and associated method and code, for operating an online interactive computer game. The terminal includes an interface receiving non-interactive user input data from a controller associated with the computer games terminal and an interface receiving interactive game data associated with at least one interactive game element. The terminal includes a display driver rendering a graphical representation of a computer game based on the non-interactive user input data and the interactive game data. The terminal includes a processor processing the received non-interactive user input data and the interactive game data, while inhibiting data interaction. The processing inhibits interaction between a displayed avatar associated with the user input data and a displayed avatar associated with the received interactive game data. A network interface is included to transmit user input data from the controller associated with the terminal but operable in a non-interactive mode to inhibit such transmission.
A gaming system is disclosed which comprises a plurality of gaming machines and a communications network arranged to facilitate communications to and from the gaming machines. Each gaming machine is arranged to implement a game, and to generate status information indicative of whether the gaming machine is vacant or occupied, and the system is arranged to display availability information derived from the status information indicative of whether at least some of the gaming machines are vacant or occupied. A corresponding method is also disclosed.
Problem to be Solved:
A joint whose number of parts is reduced and whose production process is simplified.
Means to Solve the Problems:
A method for assembling captive screw includes the steps of providing an annular base and positioning an annular washer on a top of the annular base; providing a screw, a coil spring, and a sleeve; downward passing the screw through the coil spring and a top opening of the sleeve; and threading a threaded section of the screw through the annular washer, so that the annular washer is fitted around a shank of the screw to locate below the top opening of the sleeve and above the threaded section of the screw. An inner circumferential edge of the annular washer is not worn away by the threaded section of the screw threaded therethrough, enabling the annular washer to keep a small inner diameter for tightly fitting around the shank of the screw and ensuring reliable assembling of the sleeve to the screw.
The die has a bore that is generally sized to fit onto a like-sized stud. Threads are formed on the interior of the bore for cutting the threads on the stud. The die includes an integrated alignment mechanism to ensure that the die is aligned with respect to the stud as the die is rotated onto the stud.
A golf club swing weight apparatus. The apparatus has a first weight and a second weight each having a pair of apertures formed therein, and adapted to be secured against a club shaft of a golf club. A strap having a length sufficient to extend through the pairs of apertures, and around the first and second weights when the first and second weights are positioned adjacent one another on said club shaft, is used to secure the first and second weights to the club shaft. The strap may include a loop element affixed to a first end thereof, and a first hook and loop type fastener material at the first end. A second end of the strap may include a stop component fixedly secured to the strap. The stop prevents the second end from being completely pulled through said loop element. Thus, the weights may not be inadvertently separated from the strap while the apparatus is affixed to a club shaft and an individual is swinging the golf club. The hook and loop type fastener materials enable the weights to be quickly and easily secured to (and removed from) the club shaft without the need for any external tools or complex procedures.
A golf ball that includes (a) a core comprising a center; (b) an outer cover layer; and (c) one or more intermediate layers; wherein at least one of the core, the outer cover layer, or the intermediate layer comprises a composition that includes (i) at least one polyalkenamer and at least one polyamide or (ii) at least one polyalkenamer. A method for making a golf ball comprising a core, one or more intermediate layers and an outer cover layer is also disclosed, wherein the method includes forming a blend comprising at least one polyalkenamer rubber and at least one polyamide; and injection molding the blend into a spherical mold to form the intermediate or outer cover layer. Also disclosed is a polymer composition that includes at least one polyalkenamer and at least one thermoplastic copolyamide elastomer.
Based on a surface shape appearing at a predetermined point moment by moment during rotation of a golf ball having numerous dimples on its surface, a data constellation regarding a parameter dependent on a surface shape of the golf ball is calculated. Preferably, the parameter is a distance between an axis of the rotation and the surface of the golf ball. Another preferable parameter is a volume of space between a surface of a phantom sphere and the surface of the golf ball. Based on a maximum value and a minimum value of the data constellation, a fluctuation range is calculated. By dividing the fluctuation range by a total volume of the dimples, an evaluation value is calculated. This value is calculated for each of PH rotation and POP rotation.
There is disclosed a golf tee implementing an anchoring device, an impact energy deflection device and a friction reduction device in one-piece configuration. The tee anchoring devicecomprises two anchoring fins for initial impact resistance and the recoil dislodgement prevention fin after-impact resistance. The an energy deflection device of a gradual diameter reduction section minimizes the absorption of the impact energy by golf tee. The golf ball friction reduction device reduces less ball spin for more ball flight. The golf tee combined with these improvements, is made to stand with repeated use time after time.
A golf swing posture correction apparatus and method therefor are provided. Provided is the golf swing posture correction system apparatus capable of detecting movement of an anchored leg in a golf swing and notifying a user, thereby correcting a golf swing posture. The anchored leg is a left leg for a right-handed person and a right leg for a left-handed person. The golf swing posture correction apparatus detects the movement of the anchored leg, and processes a detected signal, thereby generating sound via a speaker or vibration.
A modular table tennis game includes a plurality of paddles, a table tennis ball, and an adjustable table, or multiple adjustable tables. The tables may be mounted on a support system such as a tripod or other support structure that allows the tables to be adjusted in height and tilt. The top of the tables may have an opening or openings larger than the table tennis ball penetrating therethrough.
A shooting sports measurement system to use with a hoop comprises a net including a first sensor suspended within the net and connectable with the hoop to detect vibration transmitted through one or both of the net and the hoop and a second sensor to detect one or both of motion of the net and pressure from a passing object. The shooting sports measurement system further comprises a console communicatively coupled with the first sensor and the second sensor to receive data and calculate results.
A sports product may include a support member and an impact region configured to impact an object. The impact region may be coupled to the support member. The sports product may also include a shear thickening material in at least one of the support member or the impact region. The shear thickening material may be configured to exhibit shear thickening behavior when an impact occurs between the impact region and the object.
A sports projectile illuminated with a chemiluminescent light stick capable of producing a stroboscopic effect. The body is made of a soft, pliable material such as NERF and the light stick(s) is carried through bores in the body. There are no ancillary components, only the light stick(s) and the soft, pliable body. Orifices or various other shapes are cut into the body of the sports projections allowing for the maximum light transmission.
A broadhead point for arrows having a penetrating tip and a trailing cutting portion with a plurality of projecting cutting edges and a deflector shoulder that directs air through which the penetrating tip passes rearwardly and outwardly to the outermost edges of the cutting blades, and to create an area of reduced air pressure in advance of the fixed cutting blades.
Transmissions and drive systems for a self-propelled machine and related methods are provided. An input shaft having an axis and extending transverse to an output shaft is provided. The input shaft can be rotatable about the axis of the input shaft and configured to drivingly engage the output shaft. A variable pitch pulley can be disposed axially on the input shaft and configured to rotate about the axis of the input shaft. The variable pitch pulley can be configured to change pitch diameter to regulate the speed at which the input shaft is rotated. Further, the input shaft can be at least partially rotatable about an axis of the output shaft to vary the pitch of the variable pitch pulley to regulate the speed at which the input shaft drives the output shaft.
An improvement of the pulley set structure connects the clutch assembly by a belt for the convey of the power, comprising a variator and a fan impeller. One side of the fan impeller is designed to form a setup of indentations and protrusions, which is to boost the transmission coefficient between the fan impeller and the belt; the variator is provided with a plurality of grooves allocated with rollers or weights, a skirt portion made of a rigid wall which is located near the rim of the variator, and a plurality of vents formed onto the grooves and the skirt portion, where the purpose is to improve the dissipation of the excessive heat generated by the rolling of the rollers or weights which in turn are activated by the engine, or to improve the skid and incomplete transmission subject to inefficient friction between the pulley set and the belt.
A derailleur includes a motor that drives a drive member, a driven member driven by the drive member, and a clutch having a first element that disengages from a second element when substantial resistance exists in a power transmission path between the drive member and the driven member. An apparatus for controlling the derailleur comprises a re-engage command receiving circuit and a re-engagement circuit, wherein the re-engage command receiving circuit receives a re-engage command signal to re-engage the first element with the second element when the first element is disengaged from the second element, and the re-engagement circuit re-engages the first element with the second element in response to the re-engage command signal.
A resin pulley includes: an outer cylindrical portion having an outer circumferential surface on which a belt is to be wound; an inner cylindrical portion which is disposed radially inwards of and concentrically with the outer cylindrical portion; and a plurality of ribs connecting an inner circumferential surface of the outer cylindrical portion and an outer circumferential surface of the inner cylindrical portion. The outer cylindrical portion, the inner cylindrical portion and the ribs are formed integrally from a resin material, and the ribs are provided in such a manner as to be inclined towards a circumferential direction relative to a radial imaginary line as viewed in an axial direction.
A bicycle hub assembly comprises a shaft, a first load bearing adjacent said shaft, a hub main body surrounding said shaft, and a cogset. The cogset can define an inner surface, and the inner surface can define a seat configured to receive the first load bearing. Further, the inner surface can define an opening of variable size. The cogset can also define an inner end and an outer end, and the opening can generally increase in size from the outer end to the inner end.
Toothed belt drive for use with oil, comprising at least a pair of toothed pulleys and a toothed belt meshing with the pulleys, wherein the toothing of the belt and the toothing of each of the pulleys have respective reference profiles with infinite radius pitch line so that the transverse clearance between a tooth of the reference profile of the belt and a groove of the reference profile of a pulley is between 0.1 mm and +0.15 mm at least in an intermediate portion of the respective sides.
A toothed plate-link chain having a plurality of link plates that form chain links in the transverse direction of the chain. The link plates of laterally adjacent chain links partially overlap, and the chain links are hingedly connected to each other by hinge pins that extend through receiving openings in overlap regions of the link plates. At least some of the link plates have plate teeth, and some of the link plates have a modified form to reduce the effect of impact impulses of the link plates on the tooth flanks of a toothed wheel about which the chain passes. As a result, the magnitude of the meshing impulses and the times during which they act on the toothed wheel are modified to thereby reduce structure-borne noise.
A drive chain suitable for use in a continuously variable transmission of a motor vehicle, the transmission having two pairs of spaced drive members about which the chain passes to transfer torque from one drive member to the other. The chain includes a plurality of link elements that include spaced, side-by-side plate links. The plate links include openings in which pairs of parallel rocker members are disposed for relative rocking movement of at least one rocker member about its longitudinal axis. A method for stretching the chain is also disclosed, in which areas of some of the plate links are plastically deformed by stretching the chain before the chain is put to use.
A vehicle driveline includes a multi-speed transmission that has four planetary gear sets having continuous interconnections and five torque-transmitting mechanisms selectively engagable to establish eight forward and at least one reverse speed ratio between the transmission input member and the transmission output member. The transmission input and output members define an axis of rotation parallel to an axis of rotation of an engine output member that drives the transmission. At least one rotatable element transfers torque from the engine output member to the transmission input member. The torque-transmitting mechanisms are packaged in different ones of six possible zones within the transmission casing. An additional, final drive planetary gear set and a differential mechanism are also included in the driveline.
A rear axle transmission unit is proposed for transmitting a drive torque from a drive input shaft to two drive output shafts via a differential unit and a device, which can be actuated and continuously adjusted by at least one motor for influencing the drive torque distribution level to the output shafts, such that the differential unit comprises a differential and a differential cage actively connected to the drive shaft and the device for influencing the drive torque distribution level comprises at least one planetary gearset as a transmission ratio stage which is actively connected to the differential cage and to an associated output shaft and which comprises a brake device. It is provided that the brake device is arranged laterally offset in the direction of a planetary axis next to planetary gears of the transmission ratio stage and at least approximately inside a radial extension area of the planetary gears around a longitudinal axis of the output shafts.
A casing structure for a torque transmission device is provided with a ring gear for receiving and transmitting torque with an external member so as to rotate around an axis and a casing rotating with the ring gear. The ring gear is provided with tapped holes. The casing is provided with a main casing having first through holes and a cover having second through holes. Bolts are respectively inserted through the first and second through holes and tightened in the tapped holes so that the casing is fixed to the ring gear. A diameter of the first throughholes differs from a diameter of the second throughholes.
A differential gear unit has a pinion gear that can spin as well as revolve, a differential case that has a pinion retaining portion that supports the pinion gear, and a pair of side gears that mesh with the pinion gear. Frictional force generated at a portion where the pinion gear contacts the pinion retaining portion when the rotation speed of one side gear is faster than the rotation speed of the other side gear is different from the frictional force generated between the pinion gear and the pinion retaining portion when the rotation speed of the one side gear is slower than the rotation speed of the other side gear.
A transmission is provided having an input member, an output member, four planetary gear sets, a plurality of coupling members and a plurality of torque transmitting devices. Each of the planetary gear sets includes first, second and third members. The torque transmitting devices include clutches and brakes.
A transmission is provided having an input member, an output member, four planetary gear sets, a plurality of coupling members and a plurality of torque transmitting devices. Each of the planetary gear sets includes first, second and third members. The torque transmitting devices include clutches and brakes.
A transmission is provided having an input member, an output member, four planetary gear sets, a plurality of coupling members and a plurality of torque transmitting devices. Each of the planetary gear sets includes first, second and third members. The torque transmitting devices include clutches and brakes.
A transmission is provided having an input member, an output member, four planetary gear sets, a plurality of coupling members and a plurality of torque transmitting devices. Each of the planetary gear sets includes first, second and third members. The torque transmitting devices include clutches and brakes.
An object of the present invention is to provide a hybrid vehicle having a simple system configuration.
A method for controlling shifting between a plurality of operating modes in a hybrid vehicle includes the steps of obtaining a plurality of throttle position values, generating a comparison between a first throttle position value of the plurality of throttle position values and a second throttle position value of the plurality of throttle position values, and selectively allowing a shift between at least two of the plurality of operating modes, based at least in part on the comparison between the first and second throttle position values.
A method for controlling the drivetrain of a motor vehicle which has a dual-clutch transmission with a first partial transmission and a first clutch and with a second partial transmission and a second clutch. The drivetrain is operated with a gear being engaged in the first partial transmission and a gear engaged in the second partial transmission at the same time and with the first clutch and the second clutch being operated with slip at the same time. The first clutch and the second clutch are activated in a manner coordinated with one another in such a way that a rotational speed of the internal combustion engine assumes or maintains a predetermined value. A control unit is set up for carrying out the method.
An exemplary embodiment of a Hill Start Aide system for a vehicle includes a brake system. The brake system including a brake actuator for manually actuating the brake system. The brake system is selectively configurable in a stopped configuration, where the brake system is manually maintained via the brake actuator such that a vehicle road wheel speed is about zero rpm, a released configuration, where the brake system will not generally inhibit rotation of at least one vehicle road wheel, and a control stop configuration, where the vehicle road wheel speed is about zero rpm. The Hill Start Aide system also includes a controller for at least partially controlling the brake system. The controller will selectively send a signal to maintain the brake system in the control stopped configuration when the brake actuator is manually released. The controller will send a signal to the brake system to release the brakes when a predetermined amount of time has elapsed after a transmission is manually shifted to a neutral configuration while the brake system is in the control stopped configuration.
A control apparatus of a transmission for a vehicle, which includes an electric generator provided between an engine and the transmission and regenerating electricity when torque is transmitted from a drive shaft of the vehicle via the transmission in a braking condition, includes a releasing speed measuring unit, an up-shifting operation allowing unit and an up-shifting operation restraining unit. The releasing speed measuring unit measures a releasing speed of an accelerator pedal. The up-shifting operation allowing unit is applied to allow an up-shifting operation under the accelerator pedal being released when a releasing speed of the accelerator pedal is lower than a first threshold value. The up-shifting operation restraining unit is applied to restrain the up-shifting operation under the accelerator pedal being released when the releasing speed of the accelerator pedal is equal to or lower than the first threshold value.
An exercise machine and control method thereof, the control method comprising following steps: setting personal physical parameters, receiving a mode selection command, determining to enter either an automatic operating mode or a manual operating mode, entering the automatic operating mode, receiving a program selection command and reading a corresponding training program, generating an automatic operating command by comparing the personal physical parameters with the training program and outputting the automatic operating command to the exercise machine and activating the exercise machine according to the automatic operating command. The exercise machine thus can adjust its training strength based on the input personal physical parameters. Therefore users of the exercise machine with different physical conditions will individually have the better sports effect.
The present embodiments relate to an exercise device that can provide for a novel and versatile method of exercising. The exercise apparatus can be provided with a base, a connector, and a bar for spooling the connector on the bar. The exercise apparatus can be used for both stretching and strength training exercises.
An elliptical cross trainer having a double-recessed crank in match of a load-coupling mechanism installed at the external side of a crank support. In this way, the gap of two pedal planks arranged parallel to each other can be reduced, thereby achieving the natural opening space of both human feet. Meanwhile, a hanging support together with suspension arm is connected with two pedal planks such that the pedal planks can create an optimal exercise path corresponding to the exercise pace of both human feet.
A stepping exercise apparatus includes a body, a crank pedal mechanism and a foot support device. The crank pedal mechanism is mounted in the body and includes a crank shaft and two pedals mounted respectively on two ends of the crank shaft. The foot support device is connected to the body to support and includes two feet, two positioning locks and two stabilizer bars. The feet are respectively and pivotally connected to body between a folded position and an unfolded position. The positioning locks are respectively mounted between the body and the feet to respectively lock the feet with the body when the feet are respectively kept in the unfolded position. The stabilizer bars are respectively and transversely connected to the feet.
This invention has to do with exercise weight equipment and is concerned with exercise weight equipment that may be fastened to a person's body during physical exercises. The exercise equipment comprises a preferably U-shaped bracket having opposing sides and a crossbar or rod that extends between and engages the opposing sides of the U-shaped bracket. The crossbar is spaced away from the U-shaped portion of the bracket so that the instep of a person's foot may be engaged between the bar and the opposing U-Shaped portion of the bracket. Strap means connect from one or both of the opposing sides of the U-shaped bracket and extend so as to be able to go around the ankle of a person using the equipment. Means for fastening the strap mean extensions are provided and may take the form of a buckle and belt means. The outer ends of the crossbar or rod have means thereon for engaging and holding captive weights that may be interchanged at will by the person exercising. Various methods of exercise using the above equipment are also disclosed.
An exercise apparatus has a frame supporting a pivotable lower right arm and a lower left arm, and also a pivotable upper right arm and upper left arm. The upper right arm and the upper left arm are pivotably connected to the frame at points above the pivotable connections of the lower right arm and the lower left arm. The lower arms have handles for grasping by a user and weight pegs. The upper right arm and the upper left arm each further have a rail connected to the arm and running substantially parallel to it. A sleeve slideably engages the rail and supports a shoulder harness for a user and also weight pegs. The user grasps the handles connected to the lower arms and lifts upward, whereby his shoulders contact the resistance of the upper arms through the shoulder harness.
At least two dumbbells are releasably connected to the axial ends of a barbell. The dumbbells include a dumbbell connector portion positioned axially on a weight of the dumbbell, and the barbell includes a barbell connector portion on the axial ends of the barbell. The dumbbell connector portion engages the barbell connector portion to connect the dumbbell to the barbell. The dumbbell connector portion can be received in a recess of the weight. The user selects two dumbbells of a desired weight and connects the barbell with the dumbbells. The device is then utilized for exercise.
A yoga comfort system wedge is provided constructed of medium density, high quality, closed cell foam materials and adhesives comprised of layers and septums which create a uniquely flexible prop. The construction forms a triangularly shaped yoga, fitness, or therapeutic device in the form of a flexible wedge which allows users to achieve or maintain certain poses, stretches, exercises or therapeutic positions while improving tactile comfort and aiding range of motion. Said device has advantages over traditional types of yoga, meditation, fitness, or therapy devices. The invention allows for users with specific physical limitations to comfortably modify and maintain desired poses or exercises which would not ordinarily be possible, while at the same time provides for the advanced user to practice their highly skilled activities with greater comfort and ease.
Compositions and methods for depositing one or more metal or metal alloy films on substrates. The compositions contain a catalyst, one or more carrier particles and one or more water-soluble or water-dispersible organic compounds. Metal or metal alloys may be deposited on the substrates by electroless or electrolytic deposition.
A polymetallic nanoparticle alloy having enhanced catalytic properties including at least one noble metal and at least one base metal, where the noble metal is preferentially dispersed near the surface of the nanoparticle and the base metal modifies the electronic properties of the surface disposed noble metal. The polymetallic nanoparticles having application as a catalyst when dispersed on a carbon substrate and in particular applications in a fuel cell. In various embodiments a bimetallic noble metal-base metal nanoparticle alloy may be used as an electrocatalyst offering enhanced ORR activity compared to the monometallic electrocatalyst of noble metal.
Disclosed herein is a light-responsive photocatalyst composition, which is a composite oxide semiconductor containing tungsten, and which can efficiently absorb visible light emitted from the sun and light emitted from interior lamps, such as fluorescent lamps, etc., and a method of preparing the light-responsive photocatalyst composition. The visible light-responsive photocatalyst composition can decompose volatile organic compounds or harmful organic matter causing sick house syndrome, even indoors, because it can be activated by visible light outdoors and can respond to light emitted from interior lamps, such as fluorescent lamps, etc.
A high-temperature catalytic material and a method for producing the same are disclosed. The high-temperature catalytic material is obtained by subjecting a mixture of gibbsite and boehmite in a desired weight ratio to a single dry thermal treatment in the air, without alkaline or hydrothermal treatment, so as to obtain multiphase alumina powder as the high-temperature catalytic material. The multiphase alumina powder applied in the high-temperature catalytic material can raise the temperature of phase transformation, maintain its high specific surface area when suffering high temperatures for a long time, prolongs its lifetime, and reduces the usage of noble metals, resulting in great reduction of cost.
A process for preparing water-absorbing polymer beads with high permeability by polymerizing droplets of a monomer solution in a gas phase surrounding the droplets, wherein a water-insoluble inorganic salt is suspended in the monomer solution and the polymer beads have a mean diameter of at least 150 m.
The invention relates to a method for the production of water absorbent polymer particles by polymerizing drops, comprising at least one monomer in a gas phase surrounding the drops, wherein the drops are produced by surrounding a first monomer solution with a second monomer solution and polymerizing the second monomer solution to a higher cross-linked polymer than the first monomer solution.
Provided herein are systems and methods for applying particle films to control stress on plant tissues. An exemplary method for controlling stress on plant tissues includes calculating a current plant tissue stress value for the plant tissues, and applying an effective amount of a particle film to the plant tissues if the calculated current plant tissue stress value is greater than or equal to a predetermined plant tissue stress value. The method may further include calculating a second current plant tissue stress value for the plant tissues after the application of the effective amount of the particle film, and calculating a future plant tissue stress value for the plant tissues. The calculated current plant tissue stress value, the second current plant tissue stress value, and the future plant tissue stress value may be analyzed to predict a future application of the effective amount of the particle film to the plant tissues.
The present invention is directed to wheat plants having increased resistance to an imidazolinone herbicide. More particularly, the present invention includes wheat plants containing one or more IMI nucleic acids such as a Teal IMI cultivar. The nucleic acids are preferably located on or derived from different genomes. The present invention also includes seeds produced by these wheat plants and methods of controlling weeds in the vicinity of these wheat plants.
The invention provides a plant supporting formulation which is also suitable for use as a delivery vehicle, or a component of a delivery vehicle, for the delivery of one or more phytologically beneficial substances to a plant, and for enhancing the translocation of such delivered substance(s) in or on the plant, the formulation comprising a micro-emulsion constituted by a dispersion of vesicles or microsponges of a fatty acid based component in an aqueous carrier, the fatty acid based component comprising at least one long chain fatty acid based substance selected from the group consisting of free fatty acids and derivatives of free fatty acids. The dispersion is preferably characterized in that at least 50% of the vesicles or microsponges are of a diametrical size of between 50 nm and 5 micrometers. The dispersion is further also characterized in that the micro-emulsion has a zeta potential of between 25 mV and 60 mV
A transverse coupling system may include a first qubit, a second qubit, a first conductive path capacitively connecting the first qubit and the second qubit, a second conductive path connecting the first qubit and the second qubit, and a dc SQUID connecting the first and the second conductive paths wherein the compound junction loop is threaded by an amount of magnetic flux.
Provided is a superconducting cable provided with an enhanced cooling ability, the superconducting cable including a core including a superconducting wire rod; an inner sheath surrounding the core; an outer sheath surrounding the inner sheath; a plurality of communication pipes that have both ends communicating with the inner and outer sheaths, and are mounted in the longitudinal direction of the inner and outer sheaths; a plurality of valves that are mounted in the communication pipes; and a plurality of auxiliary cooling systems that are mounted on some of the communication pipes. Cooling fluid supplied from the cooling systems is supplied into the inner sheath through the communication pipes, and is then discharged to the outside through the valves.
Kits and articles include reagents for conducting a seven gene assay to stage colon cancer as Stage II or Stage III colon cancer.
Disclosed is the use of a therapeutic filter for simultaneous screening against multiple targets coupled with subsequent in silico drug discovery utilizing biologically active compounds for the identification and selection of gene sets having characteristic expression profiles for formation of an active compound database with subsequent identification of therapeutically effective agents by scanning and matching in said active compound database.
Mitochondrial DNA deletions useful for the detection of cancers and sun exposure are provided. In particular, methods and kits for detecting mitochondrial DNA deletions for the early detection, diagnosis and progression of prostate cancer, sun exposure and non-melonoma skin cancer are provided.
The current invention relates to a method of fabricating a multimeric capture agent for binding a ligand, the capture agent comprising at least first and second monomers units, the first monomer unit further comprising a first ligand-binding moiety, a first reactive group and an attachment moiety, the second monomer unit further comprising a second ligand-binding moiety, and a second reactive group, wherein the reactive groups may be the same or different for each monomer unit, the method comprising the steps of; a) reacting the first monomer unit with the second monomer unit such that reactive groups present on the monomer units react to form a multimeric capture agent. b) immobilising the first monomer unit on a substrate via the attachment moiety, wherein, step a) can be performed before, simultaneously with, or subsequently to step b).
The invention provides compositions and methods for detection of interaction of molecules.
A high temperature well treatment fluid comprising an electron donating compound comprising phenothiazine as thermal decomposition reduction additives for gels used in well treatment fluids is provided. The electron donating compound comprising phenothiazine performs as a stabilizer in well treatment fluids at temperatures of up to about 500 F. (260 C.). Methods of treating wells having subterranean formation temperatures of up to about 500 F. (260  C.) using such high temperature well treatment fluids are provided.
Methods and compositions utilizing a drilling fluid comprising sub-micron precipitated barite having a weight average particle diameter below about 1 micron. Methods include a method comprising circulating a drilling fluid in a well bore, wherein the drilling fluid comprises: a carrier fluid; and a weighting agent that comprises sub-micron precipitated barite having a weight average particle diameter below about 1 micron are disclosed. In some embodiments, the drilling fluid may comprise an invert emulsion. In some embodiments, the sub-micron precipitated barite has a particle size distribution such that at least 10% of particles in the sub-micron precipitated barite have a diameter below about 0.2 micron, at least 50% of the particles in the of the sub-micron precipitated barite have a diameter below about 0.3 micron and at least 90% of the particles in the sub-micron precipitated barite have a diameter below about 0.5 micron.
Agents, chemicals and particles may be controllably released at remote locations, such as pre-selected or predetermined portions of subterranean formations, by binding or associating or trapping them with an association of micelles formed by a viscoelastic surfactant (VES) in an aqueous base fluid to increase the viscosity of the fluid. An internal breaker within the association of micelles disturbs the association of micelles at some later, predictable or predetermined time thereby reducing the viscosity of the aqueous viscoelastic treating fluid and releasing the agent, chemical or particle at a predetermined or selected location.
Adding relatively low molecular weight water-soluble friction loss reduction polymers to an aqueous fluid gelled with a viscoelastic surfactant (VES) increases the critical generalized Reynold's number at which the Fanning friction factor increases and friction pressure starts to increase rapidly. The water-soluble polymeric friction loss reduction additives lower surface pumping pressure in VES-gelled fracturing fluids for a given pump rate, thus lowering hydraulic horsepower (HHP) requirements for pumping fluids downhole, e.g. for hydraulic fracturing or frac packing treatments of subterranean formations.
Compositions and methods of treating high temperature subterranean formations of up to about 500 F. (260 C.) are provided. The compositions and methods utilize a high molecular weight synthetic copolymer and a pH buffer than maintains a pH in a range of about 4.5 to about 5.25 for the compositions. The high molecular weight synthetic copolymer is derived from acrylamide, acrylamidomethylpropanesulfonic acid, and vinyl phosphonate,
A method is provided for reducing friction between at least two metal surfaces which are in a frictional relationship with each other or otherwise in need of lubrication. The method includes contacting the metal surfaces with an effective amount of a lubricant composition comprised of partially-esterified sucrose molecules having, in one embodiment, an average distribution of from 5 to 7 fatty acids bound to a sucrose backbone. The lubricant may also include from about 20 ppm to about 10,000 ppm of an antioxidant, about half of which may be an active tocopherol.
A lubricating oil composition and methods of operating an internal combustion engine to provide improved engine operation. The lubricating composition includes a major amount of oil of lubricating viscosity; and a minor amount of at least one highly grafted, multi-functional olefin copolymer made by reacting an acylating agent with an olefin copolymer having a number average molecular weight greater than about 10,000 up to about 50,000 in the presence of a free radical initiator to provide an acylated olefin copolymer having a degree of grafting (DOG) of the acylating agent on the olefin copolymer of from above about 1.5 to about 3.0 wt. %. The acylated olefin copolymer is then reacted with an amine to provide the highly grafted, multi-functional olefin copolymer.
Provided is a phosphorus molybdenum amine compound, represented by the following general formula (1).
There is disclosed a lubricating composition comprising an oil of lubricating viscosity formulated with an additive package comprising at least one overbased metal detergent, at least one neutral metal detergent, and at least one phosphorus-based wear preventative. Methods for improving oxidation performance in a TO-4 fluid for use in heavy vehicle machinery are also disclosed.
The liquid composition is based on surfactants and enzymes, and is particularly useful for manual cleaning of instruments. In manual and ultrasonic application the composition in use concentration shows low foaming and gives a cleaning solution which is not cloudy at least at a temperature in the range from 16 C. to 40 C. In addition, the composition has good cleaning efficacy over a broad temperature range (20 to 55 C.) and shows good material compatibility.
Detergent compositions containing high efficiency lipase enzymes and specific detergent formulations comprising less than 10 wt % zeolite and phosphate builder are described. Preferred formulations comprise surfactants selected from alkyl benzene sulphonates in combination with alky ethoxylated sulfates or MES or non-ionic surfactants.
The invention relates to aqueous, 2-in-1 laundry detergent compositions comprising conventional cleaning agents and at least one softening agent that comprises at least one amido alkyl amine quaternary compound. The 2-in-1 laundry detergent composition of the invention is phase stable and provides excellent cleaning performance and superior through-the-wash-softening and antistatic properties.
A bleaching agent, as well as a bleach-intensifying transition metal complex compound, incorporated in shelf-stable fashion into agents made up of multiple powder components. A solid washing detergent or cleaning agent containing particulate alkali percarbonate having an average particle size in the range from 1.0 to 2.0 mm, and particles that contain a bleach-intensifying transition metal complex compound, having an average particle size in the range from 0.8 mm to 1.6 mm.
A cleansing bar includes a surfactant-containing body, which includes a top surface, a bottom surface that is substantially opposite to the top surface, first and second ends, and first and second sides extending horizontally and meeting at the first and second ends to together define a perimeter around the cleansing bar between the top and bottom surfaces. A first horizontally-extending groove is formed in at least the first side surface. According to one embodiment, the first horizontally-extending groove extends only partially between the first and second ends. A second horizontally-extending groove is formed in the second side surface, and also extends only partially between the first and second ends. According to another embodiment, the first horizontally-extending groove is further formed around the first and second ends and in the second side surface to encircle the cleansing bar.
Methods of enhancing the efficacy and safety of treatment with immuno-modulating agents are provided. The inventive methods combine treatment with immuno-modulating agents with photodynamic therapy (PDT). PDT can be administered before, during or after administration of the immuno-modulating agent. Combination therapy achieves at least the same efficacy as immuno-modulatory therapy in less time, with less immuno-modulating agent and fewer side-effects.
The invention relates to a method for producing a type of insulin by genetically engineering a precursor thereof and converting said precursor to the respective insulin in an enzyme-catalyzed ligation reaction with lysine amide or arginine amide, or by lysine or arginine which is modified by protective groups, and optionally subsequent hydrolysis.
The present invention provides long-term stable pharmaceutical formulations of recombinant von-Willebrand Factor (rVWF) and methods for making and administering said formulations.
A method for the prevention or treatment of Kaposi's sarcoma or Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpes virus infection by administering an effective amount of a cyclopropanated carbocyclic 2-deoxynucleoside to an individual in need thereof is provided.
Biologically active peptides that are derived from or are similar to sequences identical with the N-terminus of the S1 fraction of milk casein. These peptides are capable of stimulating and enhancing immune response, protecting against viral infection, normalizing serum cholesterol levels, and stimulating hematopoiesis. The casein-derived peptides are non-toxic and can be used to treat and prevent immune pathologies, hypercholesterolemia, hematological disorders and viral-related diseases, alone or in combination with other peptides or blood cell stimulating factors.
Compositions comprising a peptide consisting of an amino acid sequence derived from a P2G-substituted SDF-1 protein are taught. The amino acid sequence consists of a first sequence consisting of 8 to 17 amino acids from the N-terminal portion of the SDF-1 protein and having a conserved KGVS motif. The amino acid sequences may also consist of one or more optional components selected from the group consisting of a second sequence consisting of 8 to 17 amino acids from the N-terminal portion of the SDF-1 protein and having a conserved KGVS motif, wherein the second sequence is covalently joined to the first sequence with or without a linker; and, a third sequence consisting of LKWIQEYLEKALN, or conservative substitutions thereof, wherein the third sequence is covalently joined to the first sequence with the linker. Methods of increasing multiplication of hematopoietic cells and enhancing proliferation of hematopoietic cells during engraftment are also taught.
Compositions and related methods for treating IBS and other gastrointestinal disorders and conditions (e.g., gastrointestinal motility disorders, functional gastrointestinal disorders, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), duodenogastric reflux, Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, inflammatory bowel disease, functional heartburn, dyspepsia (including functional dyspepsia or nonulcer dyspepsia), gastroparesis, chronic intestinal pseudo-obstruction (or colonic pseudoobstruction), and disorders and conditions associated with constipation, e.g., constipation associated with use of opiate pain killers, post-surgical constipation, and constipation associated with neuropathic disorders as well as other conditions and disorders are described. The compositions feature peptides that activate the guanylate cyclase C (GC-C) receptor and predicted metabolites of such peptides.
The present disclosure relates to Birt-Hogg-Dub syndrome, nucleic acids encoding the BHD gene, and methods of using the nucleic acids and proteins encoded thereby. In particular, the present disclosure relates to methods of diagnosing BHD disease and related conditions, such as spontaneous pneumothorax and kidney cancer, and methods of treating BHD skin lesions.
The present invention is directed to methods, kits and compositions for preventing or treating age-related conditions or metabolic disorders. The Klotho fusion polypeptides of the invention include at least a Klotho protein or an active fragment thereof. The Klotho fusion proteins are useful in the treatment and prevention of a variety of age-related conditions and metabolic disorders.
Peptides able to inhibit or activate the translocation or function of PKC are identified. Administration of the peptides for protection or enhancement of cell damage due to ischemia is described. Therapeutic methods to reduce damage to cells or to enhance damage to cells due to ischemia are also described, as well as methods for screening test compounds for PKC-selective agonists and antagonists.
PKC V5 isozyme-specific peptides are described. The sequences and compositions comprising the sequences are useful for treating disease states associated with the PKC isozyme from which they are respectively derived. Methods of treatment, pharmaceutical formulations and methods of identifying compounds that mimic the activity of the peptides are also described.
The present invention discloses novel pest control compounds comprising NPF polypeptides and methods for using such compounds in the control of pests.
The invention describes compounds, compositions, and methods of using the same comprising a chemical moiety covalently attached to amphetamine. These compounds and compositions are useful for reducing or preventing abuse and overdose of amphetamine. These compounds and compositions find particular use in providing an abuse-resistant alternative treatment for certain disorders, such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), ADD, narcolepsy, and obesity. Oral bioavailability of amphetamine is maintained at therapeutically useful doses. At higher doses bioavailability is substantially reduced, thereby providing a method of reducing oral abuse liability. Further, compounds and compositions of the invention decrease the bioavailability of amphetamine by parenteral routes, such as intravenous or intranasal administration, further limiting their abuse liability.
This invention relates to methods and compositions for treating autoinflammatory diseases. The invention also assays for evaluating the ability of an ICE inhibitor to treat autoinflammatory diseases.
The present invention relates to methods for reducing gastrointestinal side effects in a subject, the gastrointestinal side effects being associated with the administration of an opioid analgesic. The methods comprise orally administering an opioid prodrug or pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof to a subject, wherein the opioid prodrug is comprised of an opioid analgesic covalently bonded through a carbamate linkage to a peptide of 1-5 amino acids in length, and wherein upon oral administration, the prodrug or pharmaceutically acceptable salt minimizes at least one gastrointestinal side effect associated with oral administration of the opioid analgesic alone. Compositions for use with the method are also provided.
Compounds of the formula I,
in which R(1), R(2), R(3), R(4), R(5), R(6), R(7), R(8), R(30) and R(31) have the meanings indicated in the claims, are very particularly suitable as novel and antiarrythmic active compounds, in particular for the treatment and prophylaxis of atrial arrythmias, e.g. atrial fibrillation (AF), or atrial flutter.
This invention relates to methods for treating a hematopoietic neoplasm comprising administering a therapeutically effective amount of a combretastatin compound, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, to a subject having a hematological malignancy, wherein the combretastatin compound comprises a catechol or quinone moiety and is capable of forming a reactive oxygen species (ROS) in vivo. The method may further comprise co-administering a second chemotherapeutic agent.
The present invention provides hydrophobic prodrugs of bases, nucleosides, and nucleotides as well as methods of using the prodrugs as antiviral and anti-cancer chemotherapeutic agents.
The present invention relates to the use of a L-nucleic acid as intracellularly active agent.
Interfering RNA molecules are now designed and produced with specificity for multiple binding sequences present in distinct genetic contexts in one or more pre-selected target RNA molecules and are used to modulate expression of the target sequences. The multitargeting interfering RNA molecules have two strands that target multiple target sites on one or more pre-selected RNA molecules. Such a multitargeting interfering RNA approach provides a powerful tool for gene regulation.
Oligomeric compounds, compositions and methods are provided for modulating the expression of eIF4E. The antisense compounds may be single- or double-stranded and are targeted to nucleic acid encoding eIF4E. Methods of using these compounds for modulation of eIF4E expression and for diagnosis and treatment of diseases and conditions associated with expression of eIF4E are provided.
A method for the detection of the presence of or the risk of cancer in a patient, comprising, with reference to a normal control, the step of: (i) detecting the expression level of a gene characterised by any of the nucleotide sequences identified herein as SEQ ID No. 1 to SEQ ID No. 10, in a sample isolated from a patient, wherein an increased expression level of the gene characterised by any of SEQ ID Nos. 1 to 6 and 10, or a decreased expression level of the gene characterised by any of SEQ ID Nos. 7 to 9, indicates the presence of or the risk of cancer in the patient from whom the sample was isolated.
Disclosed are a protein encoded by a gene having a nucleotide sequence represented by any of SEQ ID NOs: 1 to 65 or a fragment thereof, an antibody recognizing the protein or antigen-binding fragment thereof, and a polynucleotide having a sequence comprising at least 12 consecutive nucleotides of a nucleotide sequence represented by any of SEQ ID NOs: 1 to 65 or a nucleotide sequence complementary thereto. The gene and the protein of the invention is useful for diagnosing and treating cancer.
The present invention relates to oligomeric compounds (oligomers), which target PIK3CA mRNA in a cell, leading to reduced expression of PIK3CA. Reduction of PIK3CA expression is beneficial for the treatment of certain medical disorders, such as hyperproliferative diseases (e.g., cancer). The invention provides therapeutic compositions comprising oligomers and methods for modulating the expression of PIK3CA using said oligomers, including methods of treatment.
The present invention relates to therapeutic targets for cancer. In particular, the present invention relates to small molecules and nucleic acids that target ATDC (TRIM29) expression in cancer with ATDC overexpression.
The present invention relates to double-stranded RNA compounds with at least one blunt end comprising at least one 3-end of formula
A method of treating a disease or condition in which up-regulating GAGs is therapeutically beneficial is disclosed. The method comprises locally administering to a subject a therapeutically effective amount of an agent capable of down-regulating activity or expression of a component of the renin-angiotensin system.
The current invention discloses novel methods for the inhibition of inducible nitric oxide synthesis (iNOS) and the production of NO. Methods of inhibiting the induction of proinflammatory cytokines are also described. Methods of treating various disease states, such as X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy, multiple sclerosis, Alzheimer's and septic shock using inhibitors of iNOS and cytokine induction are disclosed. The inhibitors include the exemplary compounds lovastatin, a sodium salt of phenylacetic acid (NaPA), FPT inhibitor II, N-acetyl cysteine (NAC), and cAMP.
Novel bisamidate phosphonate prodrugs of FBPase inhibitors of the Formula IA:
and their use in the treatment of diabetes and other conditions associated with elevated blood glucose.
A method of treatment of the human or non-human animal body for treating or preventing disorders caused by elevated thrombin or elevated thrombin receptor expression is disclosed, for example thromboembolic disease vascular syndromes, or proliferative diseases, which method comprises administering to a human or non-human animal body in need of such treatment an effective amount of a pharmaceutical composition containing dipyridamole, mopidamole or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, corresponding pharmaceutical compositions as well as the use of dipyridamole or mopidamole for the manufacture of these pharmaceutical compositions.
A topical composition for treating nail fungal infections that utilizes an acidic antifungal agent with a molecular weight no greater than 170 Daltons in a formulation having a pH less than or equal to the pKa of the acidic antifungal agent plus one. Possible antifungal agents include omadine, octanoic acid, sorbic acid, hexanoic acid, and benzoic acid. The antifungal agent can be combined with a delivery system such as a lacquer, a gel, a patch, or a hydrating system. A second therapeutic agent such as a 5-fluorocystine or terbinafine can be included.
A composition which is adapted for oral consumption and which is in the form of a substantially homogeneous aqueous emulsion, suspension or dispersion comprising salicylic acid, or a C1 to C6 alkyl ester thereof, and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) can exhibit an anti-inflammatory effect in skin.
Compounds represented by the general formula (I), prodrugs thereof, or pharmaceutically acceptable salts of both are provided as compounds which have high DPP-IV inhibiting activity and are improved in safety, toxicity and so on: (I)
A pharmaceutical composition comprising: (A) an androgen; (B) a cyclic enhancer of the type used in the compositions and methods claimed by U.S. Pat. No. 5,023,252 to Hsieh; and (C) a thickening agent; including, for example, a composition in which the cyclic enhancer is a macrocyclic ester or a macrocyclic ketone; the use of the composition to treat a condition, for example, male hypogonadism, in a patient by applying the composition to the membrane of the patient; and a method for making the composition.
A pharmaceutical composition comprising: (A) an androgen; (B) a cyclic enhancer of the type used in the compositions and methods claimed by U.S. Pat. No. 5,023,252 to Hsieh; and (C) a thickening agent; including, for example, a composition in which the cyclic enhancer is a macrocyclic ester or a macrocyclic ketone; the use of the composition to treat a condition, for example, male hypogonadism, in a patient by applying the composition to the membrane of the patient; and a method for making the composition.
The present application provides, inter alia, methods of treating disorders mediated by FGFRs and methods of screening for Hsp90 inhibitor compounds.
A compound of formula (1), or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt, solvate or in vivo hydrolysable ester thereof: and pharmaceutical compositions comprising these, all for use in the treatment of chemokine mediated diseases and disorders.
The present invention relates to the identification and use of single nucleotide polymorphisms and haplotypes in the Niemann Pick C1-Like 1 (NPC1L1) gene. In particular, methods are provided for correlating NPC1L1 polymorphisms and haplo-types with the responsiveness of a pharmaceutically active compound administered to a human subject. The invention further relates to a method for estimating the responsiveness of a pharmaceutically active compound administered to a human subject which method comprises determining at least one polymorphism in the NPC1L1 gene. The methods are based on determining polymorphisms in the NPC1L1 gene and correlating the responsiveness of a pharmaceutically active compound in the human by reference to one or more polymorphism in NPC1L1. The invention further relates to isolated nucleic acids comprising within their sequence the polymorphisms as defined herein, to nucleic acid primers and oligonucleotide probes capable of hybridizing to such nucleic acids and to a diagnostic kit comprising one or more of such primers and probes for detecting a polymorphism in the NPC1L1 gene.
A compound of formula
wherein the substituents are as described in the specification for the treatment of psychoses, pain, neurodegenerative disfunction in memory and learning, schizophrenia, dementia and other diseases in which cognitive processes are impaired, such as attention deficit disorders or Alzheimer's disease.
There is provided the use of a low molecular weight thrombin inhibitor for the manufacture of a medicament for the treatment by dialysis, particularly haemodialysis, of a patient in need of such treatment, in which the thrombin inhibitor is provided in the dialysing solution, as well as dialysing solutions and concentrates including low molecular weight thrombin inhibitors, such as melagatran.
The invention provides novel deazaxanthine and deazahypoxanthine compounds. The compounds may be useful in the therapy of diseases and conditions in which dipeptidylpeptidase-IV (DPP-IV) is implicated.
The present invention is directed to compounds of Formula I:
and Formula II:
Disclosed herein is an isomer, enantiomer, diastereoisomer or tautomer of a compound represented by Formula I:
The present invention relates to inhibitors of 11-beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase Type 1 enzyme and their use in treatment of non-insulin dependent type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance, obesity, lipid disorders, metabolic syndrome, central nervous system disorders, and diseases and conditions that are related to excessive glucocorticoids.
The present invention is directed to substituted diazepan compounds which are antagonists of orexin receptors, and which are useful in the treatment or prevention of neurological and psychiatric disorders and diseases in which orexin receptors are involved. The invention is also directed to pharmaceutical compositions comprising these compounds and the use of these compounds and compositions in the prevention or treatment of such diseases in which orexin receptors are involved.
The invention relates to [a]-fused indole compounds of the Formula II,
or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, wherein the constituent variables are as defined herein. The invention also relates to compositions comprising the compounds of Formula II, and methods for making and using the compounds.
The compounds have the formula I
wherein R1, R2, T, R3 and R4 areas defined in the specification.
The invention relates to compounds of the formula I
having antithrombotic activity, which in particular inhibit the protease-activated receptor 1 (PAR1), processes for their preparation and use thereof as medicaments.
Disclosed herein are compounds useful in treating glaucoma, inflammatory bowel disease, the stimulation of hair growth, and the stimulation of the conversion of vellus hair to terminal hair. The compounds themselves are herein.
The present invention provides a method of preventing or treating one or more of the following medical conditions, or treating symptoms of one or more of the following medical conditions: amebic infections, giardiasis, estrogen deficient states, osteoporosis, cardiovascular heart disease, high cholesterol levels, hyperlipidemia, cancer by administering to a subject having, or predisposed to, one or more of the conditions, a therapeutically effective amount of a compound of the present invention and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier.
An adenine compound or its pharmaceutically acceptable salt as a medicament as shown following formula (1):
The invention provides a method of screening for compounds which inhibit the hyperphosphorylation of tau, and hence are suitable for treating AD and related conditions.
A compound of the formula (I):
The present invention is directed to a method for treating or preventing a neoplasia in a human patient in need of such treatment comprising administering to the patient a compound that inhibits microsomal prostaglandin E synthase-1 in an amount that is effective for treating or preventing the neoplasia.
Disclosed herein is a compound represented by the formula:
Methods, compositions, and medicaments related to these compounds are also disclosed.
The invention relates to compounds of formula (I)
processes for their preparation, pharmaceutical compositions containing them and their use in the treatment of conditions or disorders which are mediated via the GPR38 receptor.
An amorphous form of aprepitant and a process for its preparation is provided. Also provided are mixtures of polymorph Forms I and II of aprepitant and a process for the preparation thereof.
The present invention describes phenoxy-acetic acids and pharmaceutical compositions containing the same and methods of using the same. The phenoxy-acetic acids are activators of PPAR- and should be useful for treating conditions mediated by the same.
The invention relates to substituted phenylacetic acids as useful pharmaceutical compounds for treating respiratory disorders, pharmaceutical compositions containing them, and processes for their preparation.
The invention discloses treating agents of inflammatory bowel disease, which contain p38MAPkinase inhibitor having properties of antedrug as the active ingredient.
A method of treating a subject for a serotonergic neurotransmission dysregulation disorder, comprises administering the subject a serotonin enhancer (e.g., a serotonin reuptake inhibitor) in an amount effective to treat the disorder; and concurrently administering the subject 5-hydroxytryptophan in an amount effective to enhance the activity of the serotonin enhancer, (e.g., serotonin reuptake inhibitor). In preferred embodiments the disorder is depression, anxiety, or substance abuse.
An insecticidal and fungicidal composition capable of controlling crop diseases and insect pests at the same time by combining an insecticidal active ingredient and a fungicidal active ingredient is provided. The insecticidal and fungicidal composition is characterized by comprising as active ingredients a compound represented by the general formula (1) or (2) and a compound represented by the general formula (3) or (4).
Certain substituted urea derivatives modulate the cardiac sarcomere, for example by potentiating cardiac myosin, and are useful in the treatment of systolic heart failure including congestive heart failure.
Compounds of Formula I:
Described herein are compounds and pharmaceutical compositions containing such compounds, which modulate the activity of 5-lipoxygenase-activating protein (FLAP). Also described herein are methods of using such FLAP modulators, alone and in combination with other compounds, for treating respiratory, cardiovascular, and other leukotriene-dependent or leukotriene mediated conditions or diseases.
Novel 2-alkylcycloalk(en)ylcarboxamides of the formula (I)
Methods and compositions for treating disease caused by infectious agents, particularly tuberculosis. In particular, methods and compositions comprising substituted ethylene diamines for the treatment of infectious diseases are provided. In one embodiment, these methods and compositions are used for the treatment of mycobacterial infections, including, but not limited to, tuberculosis. In certain embodiments, the present invention comprises compositions comprising novel substituted ethylene diamine compounds further comprising antitubercular agents such as rifampicin, isoniazid, pyrazinamide and ethambutol.
The present invention relates to a compound of general formula I:
The invention relates to 1H-pyrazolo[3,4-d]pyrimidine, purine, 7H-purin-8(9H)-one, 3H-[1,2,3]triazolo[4,5-d]pyrimidine, and thieno[3,2-d]pyrimidine compounds, compositions comprising the compounds, and methods for making and using the compounds.
The invention relates to novel chroman derivatives, stereoisomers and pharmaceutically acceptable salts of Formula I
Combinations of 7-nAChR agonists and statins, pharmaceutical compositions containing the same and methods of using the same useful for treatment or prophylaxis of neurological degenerative diseases.
Disclosed are compounds which bind VLA-4. Certain of these compounds also inhibit leukocyte adhesion and, in particular, leukocyte adhesion mediated by VLA-4. Such compounds are useful in the treatment of inflammatory diseases in a human or animal subject such as asthma, Alzheimer's disease, atherosclerosis, AIDS dementia, diabetes, inflammatory bowel disease, rheumatoid arthritis, tissue transplantation, tumor metastasis and myocardial ischemia. The compounds can also be administered for the treatment of inflammatory brain diseases such as multiple sclerosis.
A compound represented by general formula (I):
The invention pertains to a method of relieving pain by administering a controlled release pharmaceutical tablet containing oxymorphone which produces a mean minimum blood plasma level 12 to 24 hours after dosing, as well as the tablet producing the sustained pain relief.
The invention relates to two novel crystalline form of Topotecan hydrochloride (Ia)
Herein referred to as forms  and , characterized by high purity and whose preparation is advantageous from the industrial point of view. Form  can be in fact conveniently prepared starting from 10-hydroxy-camptothecin, whereas form  can be prepared starting from form .
The invention discloses a medical product for use in a treatment of respiratory disorders, and comprises a metered dose of a tiotropium dry powder formulation, directly loaded and sealed into a container made to act as a dry high barrier seal to prevent the capture and ingress of moisture into the tiotropium powder. The dose of tiotropium is further adapted for inhalation and the container is so tight that the efficacy of the dose when delivered is unaffected by moisture. In a further aspect of the invention a type of inhaler is illustrated, which may accept at least one sealed, moisture-tight container of a dose of tiotropium, to deliver the dose with a consistent fine particle dose, over the expected shelf life of the product.
The invention relates to biaryl substituted azabicyclic alkane derivatives, compositions comprising such compounds, and methods of treating conditions and disorders using such compounds and compositions.
Compounds of formula I,
wherein R1, Z, Y, M and R2 are as defined in the specification, pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof, pharmaceutical composition containing the same, methods of using the same for therapeutic purposes and methods of making the same.
The present invention relates to novel compounds of formula (I) and their pharmaceutically useful compositions as MMP and TNF inhibitors.
The present invention relates to the use of compounds as broad spectrum inhibitors of bacterial biofilm formation. In particular the invention refers to a family of compounds that block the quorum sensing system of Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacteria, a process for their manufacture, pharmaceutical compositions containing them and to their use for the treatment and prevention of bacterial damages and diseases, in particular for diseases where there is an advantage in inhibiting quorum sensing regulated phenotypes of pathogens.
A method is disclosed for detecting colorectal carcinoma having at least one HERG potassium ion channel, where at least one HERG potassium channel is detected in a tissue biopsy of the human color or rectum. In addition, a method is disclosed for treating colorectal carcinoma having at least one HERG potassium channel in a patient in need of said treatment, which comprises the step of administering to said patient, a therapeutically effective amount of 4-[1-{2-(6-methyl-2-pyridinyl)ethyl-4-piperidinyl}carbonyl]methane-sulfoanilide 2HCl sufficient to treat the colorectal carcinoma having at least one HERG potassium channel by selectively blockading the HERG potassium channel.
A compound of formula (I)
Compounds of general formula (I)
The present invention relates to inhibitors of the 11-beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase Type 1 enzyme and their use in treatment of non-insulin dependent type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance, obesity, lipid disorders, metabolic syndrome, central nervous system disorders, and diseases and conditions that are related to excessive glucocorticoids.
Antagonists of group 1 metabotropic glutamate receptors (mGluR) potentiate the effect of positive AMPA receptor modulators on neurotrophin expression, such as brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF). The findings described herein suggest a combinatorial approach for drug therapies, using both positive AMPA receptor modulators and mGluR antagonists. to enhance brain neurotrophism.
Provided are sorafenib hemi-tosylate, polymorphs thereof, polymorphs of sorafenib tosylate, preparation thereof and pharmaceutical compositions thereof.
The present invention relates to a pharmaceutical composition and method for treating and preventing musculoskeletal and connective tissue diseases of unknown etiology, such as different forms of arthritis and other rheumatic conditions, comprising a combination of therapeutic agents that improve the processes of blood circulation and angiogenesis in the affected tissues, as well as other supporting therapies. Among the components of herein proposed pharmaceutical composition, are: vitamin K, polyunsaturated fatty acids (blood thinner), and niacin (vasodilator and hypolipidemic agent).
The present invention is directed to a new class of 4-cyano-phenoxy-alkyl carboxyl derivatives and to their use as androgen receptor modulators. Other aspects of the invention are directed to the use of these compounds to decrease excess sebum secretions and to stimulate hair growth.
The invention provides compounds, pharmaceutical compositions comprising such compounds and methods of using such compounds to treat or prevent diseases or disorders associated with the activity of the Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor (PPAR) families.
The present invention relates to a compound of formula (I)
The present invention provides for, inter alia, novel topical formulations comprising at least one 1-N-arypyrazole derivative and amitraz and to methods for treating, controlling, or preventing parasite infestations on mammals or birds The inventive formulations include spot-on, pour-on or spray formulations and may include a further ectoparasiticide, such as an IGR compound, an avermectin or milbemycin derivative, or a pyrethroid insecticides, and anthelmintics, such as benzimidazoles and imidazothiazoles. The inventive formulation provides a larger duration of parasite control at a faster rate of control. The inventive formula remains effective up to three months from the first application. Moreover, the inventive formulations prevent tick attachment to the animal, thereby providing protection against tick borne diseases. The ectoparasites which may be controlled, treated or prevented by the present invention includes ticks, fleas, mites, mange, lice, mosquitoes, flies and cattle grubs.
The present invention provides a pyrazole compound of formula (a): a noxious arthropod pests controlling composition containing the compound shown by the formula (a) as an active ingredient; and a method for controlling noxious arthropod pests comprising applying an effective amount of the compound shown by the formula (a).
Polymorphic forms of N-hydroxy-3-[4-[[[2-(2-methyl-1H-indol-3-yl)ethyl]amino]methyl]phenyl]-2E-2-propenamide free base and salts thereof are prepared by various processes.
The invention relates to a combination which comprises (a) a cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor (COX-2 inhibitor) and (b) a histone deacetylase inhibitor (HDAI) for simultaneous, concurrent, separate or sequential use, especially for use in the treatment of pre-malignant colon lesions or a colon cancer or other malignancies in a mammal, particularly a human. The invention also relates to pharmaceutical compositions comprising such a combination and to a method of treating pre-malignant colon lesions (e.g. polyps) and colon cancer, as well as other malignancies, in a mammal, particularly a human, with such a combination. The present invention further also relates to a commercial package or product comprising such a combination.
Dithiol compounds and derivatives thereof are disclosed. The agents are useful for treating ocular disease, especially presbyopia and cataract.
The present invention relates to benzo[b]furane and benzo[b]thiophene derivatives of the general formula IV as the free base or salts thereof and their use.
Compositions are disclosed that afford drug delivery from two-part polymer compositions that rapidly form covalent linkages when mixed together. Such compositions are particularly well suited for use in a variety of tissue related applications when rapid adhesion to the tissue and gel formation is desired along with drug delivery. For example, the compositions are useful as tissue sealants, in promoting hemostasis, in effecting tissue adhesion, in providing tissue augmentation, and in the prevention of surgical adhesions.
A method for the manufacture of a sterile intravenous or intramuscular formulation of artesunic acid and the formulation are the subject of this invention. First the artesunic acid powder is sterilized with ethylene oxide and placed into a sterile container. The contained sterilized powder is then dissolved in sterile sodium phosphate buffered solution to produce an injectable intravenous or intramuscular formulation. The sodium phosphate dissolves and dilutes the artesunic acid powder without caking or frothing resulting in an improved drug product. The invention also relates to the formulation and a method of treating a patient with either uncomplicated or severe and complicated malaria.
The present invention relates to a method and composition for treating acne using lignan compounds represented by Formula 1. More particularly, the invention relates to an antibacterial composition against acne-causing bacteria, containing lignan compounds represented by Formula 1, as well as a method for treating acne using the same. The lignan compounds represented by Formula 1 are excellent not only in the antibacterial activity of, inhibiting the growth of acne-causing bacteria, but also in thermal stability. Accordingly, the lignan compounds may be useful as antibacterial agents against the acne-causing bacteria, and acne treatment agents.
The present invention relates to the use of a compound as effective agent for the prevention or treatment of diabetes mellitus in a mammal. Said compounds being selected from the group of phthalide derivatives and exhibit excellent blood glucose lowering effects and thus are effective agents in the prevention or treatment of diabetes mellitus in mammals.
Specific azole compounds are outstandingly suitable for stabilizing iodine-containing biocides in industrial materials, more particularly in paints based on alkyd resin.
A method for treating a solid tumor in a subject comprises administering to the subject an ACAT inhibitory compound or a prodrug thereof, for example avasimibe, wherein (a) the solid tumor is at least about 2 mm in diameter and (b) the compound or prodrug thereof is administered in an amount that is therapeutically effective, but ineffective to cause unacceptable toxicity to normoxic tissues.
The invention relates to the field of antibiotic compositions, both inside and outside the medical field. Presented is a new class of antibiotic compounds around the lead compound (3,4-dichloro-phenyl)-carbamic acid 2-isobutoxycarbonylamino-1-methyl-ethyl ester, which are especially useful for combating infections with gram-positive bacteria and especially MRSA.
Mesophasic forms of (3S)-aminomethyl-5-hexanoic acid prodrugs and methods of preparing and methods of using mesophasic forms of (3S)-aminomethyl-5-hexanoic acid prodrugs are provided.
The object of the invention is to provide a GIP secretion inhibitor which is a useful drug or food ingredient. The present invention provides an agent for inhibiting postprandial GIP secretion contains a monoacylglycerol as an active ingredient.
Acyloxyalkyl carbamate prodrugs of -amino acids, pharmaceutical compositions thereof, methods of making acyloxyalkyl carbamate prodrugs of -amino acids and methods of using acyloxyalkyl carbamate prodrugs of -amino acids, and pharmaceutical compositions thereof to treat a disease are disclosed. Acyloxyalkyl carbamate prodrugs of -amino acids suitable for oral administration using sustained release dosage forms are also disclosed.
The subject invention provides for the administration of docosahexaenoic acid in preventing pathological proliferation of blood vessels. The compositions of the subject invention are particularly advantageous because they are stable, bioavailable, and can be formulated in an aqueous solution.
The present invention relates to N-acetylcysteine compositions and methods for treating inflammation and redox imbalance in acute exacerbations of inflammatory lung disease.
Controlled-release tolterodine compositions, including controlled-release particles, pellets, granules, and spheres, comprising an inert core, a first layer disposed on the inert core, and a second layer disposed on the first layer are described. Methods for preparing such compositions and methods of treating a variety of disorders are also disclosed.
This invention relates to a food supplement for reducing body odor; it is a mixture of edible carriers with chitin aqueous solution lyophilized powder, chitosan aqueous solution lyophilized powder, chitin powder, chitosan powder, or the composition of these ingredients, and it comes in the form of tablets or pills. The invention has an outstanding effect in reducing various types of body odors, including Koreans' unique body odor, such as Kimchi smell or garlic smell, westerners' unique body odor, such as cheese smell or butter smell, Arabs' unique body odor, such as mutton smell, armpit odor and body odor that is unique in the aged.
The invention proposes a cosmetic or pharmaceutical preparation containing a mixture of medium-chain, preferably saturated triglycerides with a fatty acid chain length of between C8 and C10 of between 60% and 98% and a content of saturated, long-chain, preferably saturated triglycerides with a fatty acid chain length of between C18 and C24 of between 2% and 40% as a vegetable replacement for Vaseline
The invention relates to a method for separating emulsions of oil and water, the method comprising incorporating a demulsifying-effective amount of a polyorganosiloxane demulsifier into an emulsion comprising an oil phase and an aqueous phase. The invention also relates to compositions containing polyorganosiloxane demulsifier and the water and oil phases of an emulsion.
A method for preparing contaminated plastics ground into flakes, such as RPET or such polymers, having at least decontamination and SSP treatment steps, with at least one reactor, with heating to the process temperature taking place essentially outside the reactor. Also, a device for carrying out the method, and having at least one decontamination reactor and at least one SSP reactor, a device for heating plastic flakes to the process temperature being arranged upstream of the decontamination reactor. Also an SSP reactor having at least two individual reactors, and preferably between 3 and 7 individual reactors.
A flame retardant composition for use in flame retarding a polyurethane foam composition so that the foam has reduced scorch as a result of its manufacture, said flame retardant composition comprising a mixture of (a) a flame retardant of the type that normally causes scorch when used in such foam and (b) a benzofuranone derivative, as a anti-scorch stabilizer. Flame retarded polyurethane foams having reduced discoloration are also provided.
It is an object of the present invention to provide an active energy ray-curable composition excellent in curability, in particular in depth curability, and capable of providing cured products excellent in thermal stability, weather resistance, oil resistance and permanent compression set, among others, as well as a cured product derived therefrom.
and cured products derived therefrom.
This invention relates to polymerizable compositions comprising a salt of a barbituric acid derivative. The compositions are typically shelf-life stable and may be polymerized through mixing of an acidic component with the salt of a barbituric acid derivative.
The invention concerns hardenable dental composite materials, comprising i) non-agglomerated nanofillers having particle sizes of about 1 to about 50 nm; and ii) core-shell polymer particles with an elastic core compound, preferably having a modulus of elasticity of less than about 18 MPa, more preferably of less than 14 MPa, most preferably of less than about 10 MPa; and a substantially non-elastic shell compound. The materials have improved properties that allow for advantageous restoration of molar and premolar teeth with the bulk filling technique
A composite material including an arrangement of approximately aligned nanofilaments overlying at least another arrangement of approximately aligned nanofilaments, the longitudinal axis of the nanotubes of the first arrangement being approximately perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of the nanotubes of the other arrangement, and the arrangements forming at least one array. A resin material having nanoparticles dispersed throughout is disposed among the array(s) of nanofilaments, and cured, and openings may be formed into or through the composite material corresponding to spaces provided in the array of nanofilaments. A composite material according to embodiments forms a microelectronic substrate or some portion thereof, such as a substrate core.
A rubber latex composition is disclosed having reduced allergenicity. Methods for producing a rubber latex composition having reduced allergenicity are also disclosed.
A modified asphalt composition comprising a naphthenic asphalt; and a block copolymer including a block comprising diene units characterized by having a vinyl content of at least 15% by weight.
The present invention provides coating powder compositions for making filiform corrosion resistant coatings, the compositions comprising particles or agglomerates which include, intimately mixed, each of one or more thermosetting acrylic copolymer, one or more crosslinker for the acrylic copolymer and one or more hydrophobic submicron particle additive, wherein the hydrophobic submicron particle additive comprises from 0.01 to 1.5 wt. %, based on the total weight of the coating powder. The hydrophobic submicron particle additive comprises a submicron inorganic oxide, e.g. fume silica or a metal oxide, and one or more organosilicon compound, e.g. polydimethylsiloxane. In addition, the invention provides filiform corrosion resistant clear coat or tinted clear coat powder coatings on metal, e.g. aluminum wheels or forged alloy substrates.
The present invention relates to a method of preparing a pigment composition comprising the steps of combining at least one polyamine, at least one pigment, and at least one polymer having at least one carboxylic acid group or salt thereof. Various embodiments of this method are disclosed. The present invention further relates to a pigment composition and uses thereof, such as inkjet ink compositions.
An aqueous suspension of polyvinyl acetate, modified by at least one alcohol, renders its residual evaporative product insoluble; in that it does not disintegrate and tend to revert to an aqueous suspension when immersed or otherwise subjected to an excess of water, as does the unmodified product. The modified evaporative product, used experimentally as a shielding film that protects plants and fruit from insect damage, does not depend on toxicity for effectiveness, and maintains its integrity by stretching and thinning to accommodate plant growth without rupture to provide uninterrupted protection between applications. The shielding transmits moisture and is believed to transmit needed atmospheric gases as well, to provide long lasting, primarily mechanical protection. The modified suspension, and evaporative product, have demonstrated medicinal properties as a topical treatment for control of psoriasis. Transparent, colorless and odorless when dry, it is anti-bacterial, provides relief from itching and promotes healing of lesions.
A thermoplastic elastomer composition is provided that contains 1 to 20 parts by weight of component (E), wherein the thermoplastic elastomer composition is provided by a process for producing a thermoplastic elastomer composition including the steps of: (1) dynamically heat treating 5 to 25 parts by weight of component (A), 10 to 70 parts by weight of component (B), 3 to 25 parts by weight of component (C), and 10 to 70 parts by weight of component (D) in the presence of a crosslinking agent to obtain a mixture, wherein component (A) is a polypropylene resin, component (B) is an ethylene--olefin copolymer rubber, component (C) is a hydrogenated vinyl aromatic compound-conjugated diene block copolymer, component (D) is a mineral oil, component (E) is an inorganic filler having an aspect ratio of at least 2, and the total amount of components (A) to (D) is 100 parts by weight.
This invention relates generally to compositions of macrocyclic polyester oligomer (MPO), polycaprolactone, and a thermoplastic elastomer (TPE). More particularly, in certain embodiments, the invention relates to recyclable tooling compositions made from MPO, polycaprolactone, and a thermoplastic copolyester elastomer.
Compositions of thermoplastic polyesters and sepiolite-type clay in which the clay is dispersed in the polyester as often fibrous particles whose smallest dimension is less than 100 nm are made by polymerizing the polyester precursors in the presence of the clay. The compositions have good physical properties and can be melt molded into various articles. Many of these articles may be coated (painted) and are especially useful for appearance parts such as visible exterior automotive body parts.
The disclosed is a silica-polymeric resin composite of blending the silicon dioxide nanoparticles in thermoplastic polymer and method for manufacturing the same, thereby improving its scratch-resistance. A thermoplastic polymer is dissolved in solvent to form a thermoplastic polymer solution. The polymer solution is evenly mixed with a silicon dioxide sol, and the solvent is then removed to complete the silica-polymeric resin composite. In the silica-polymeric resin composite, the silicon dioxide nanoparticles and the thermoplastic polymer have no chemical bonding therebetween, and the silicon dioxide nanoparticles are evenly dispersed in the thermoplastic polymer.
A polymer blend film contains a film forming material includes at least a polymer having an absolute value of an intrinsic birefringence of 0.02 or less, and a cyclic olefin resin, wherein the film has a haze of 5% or less.
Provided is a polycarbonate resin composition which is excellent in flame retardancy and heat resistance, while being improved in fluidity and reduced in molding shrinkage rate. Specifically, provided is an aromatic polycarbonate resin composition containing 100 parts by mass of an aromatic polycarbonate resin (A) and 0.1 to 50 parts by mass of a cenosphere (B).
A semiconductor-encapsulating epoxy resin composition comprising (A) an epoxy resin, (B) a phenolic resin curing agent, (C) an inorganic filler, and (D) carbon black is prepared by mixing a carbon black feedstock and the curing agent with an organic solvent, filtering off coarse particles of carbon black which remain over a mesh sheet with an opening of 20 m, removing the solvent from the filtrate to yield a premix of curing agent and carbon black, and kneading the premix with the remaining components.
A process of reducing the amount of fluorinated emulsifiers in fluoropolymer dispersions by contacting the fluoropolymer dispersion with an anion exchange resin in the presence of a pH-dependent surfactant, and fluoropolymer dispersions containing the pH-dependent surfactant and uses thereof.
The present invention discloses a semicrystalline, thermoplastic polyurethane which is comprised of the reaction product of (1) a hydrophobic polyol, (2) a polyisocyanate, and (3) a linear chain extender containing 5 carbon atoms or 7 to 12 carbon atoms; wherein the hydrophobic polyol has a number average molecular weight which is within the range of about 1,000 to about 4,000; wherein the semicrystalline, thermoplastic polyurethane has a weight average molecular weight which is within the range of 50,000 to 1,000,000; and wherein the semicrystalline, thermoplastic polyurethane has a melting point which is within the range of 80 C. to 150 C. This hydrophobic thermoplastic polyurethane offers a unique array of characteristics that are highly desirable for utilization in manufacturing a variety of products. For instance, it can be used in overmolding soft grips onto consumer products, in adhesives, and in protective coatings.
The present invention provides prepolymers based on poly(alkyl ethers) having terminal trifluorovinyl aromatic containing groups and polymers produced from such prepolymers. The prepolymers and polymers are useful as biomedical devices such as contact lenses or intraocular lenses.
The present invention has its object to provide a curable composition, although having low viscosity itself, which gives a cured product, when being cured, which has wide range of elasticity, from hard to soft, which is excellent in weather resistance and heat resistance, and the hardness and brittleness (characteristic to epoxy resins) of which have been improved to have rubber elasticity, and which has high adhesion strength and is transparent. The curable composition of the present invention comprises a vinyl polymer containing at least one crosslinkable silyl group on average and an epoxy resin. When being used for adhering or sealing a transparent material such as glass, polycarbonates, and acrylic resins, the curable composition of the invention is usable for treatment with sufficiently retaining the transparency, which is an aesthetic characteristic.
A composition is disclosed which comprises a mixture of a poly(trimethylene terephthalate) polymer composition, a nucleating agent, and an ethylene copolymer. Also disclosed in a method for reducing the melt viscosity of nucleated poly(trimethylene terephthalate) polymer composition.
The present invention relates to a transparent resin composition which comprises (a) a (meth)acrylate based resin comprising one or more (meth)acrylate based derivatives; and (b) an aromatic based resin having a chain having the hydroxy group containing portion and an aromatic moiety.
Disclosed is a thermoplastic composition comprising a poly(trimethylene terephthalate) and about 0.2 to about 30 weight % of a modifier comprising organic acid and an ionomer derived from an ethylene acid copolymer in which the combined acid moieties of the organic acid and acid copolymer are at least partially neutralized with cations of magnesium, calcium, zinc, or a combination thereof.
Disclosed is a composition comprising or produced from poly(trimethylene terephthalate), an ionomer of an ethylene acid copolymer comprising copolymerized units of at least one ,-ethylenically unsaturated carboxylic acid comonomer, a nucleating agent and optionally an ethylene ester copolymer. Also disclosed are articles prepared from the composition. Also disclosed is a process for preparing the compositions, including methods for controlling the melt viscosity and strain hardening of the compositions.
Provided are ethylene-based polymer compositions, articles made therefrom, and methods of making the same. Ethylene-based polymer compositions include blends of a linear low density polyethylene prepared with metallocene catalyst and a low density polyethylene. The linear low density polyethylene may optionally have about five mole percent or less of monomer units derived from an alpha-olefin comonomer. Articles composed of such ethylene-based polymer compositions, such as blown films, exhibit favorable physical properties, including excellent optical properties and retained strength i.e., mitigation of expected decline in physical strength due to LDPE addition.
Propylene polymers having specific values of total comonomer content and melting temperature, articles obtained therefrom, in particular extrusion blow molded articles, and gas-phase process for obtaining said propylene polymers.
A compound having the formula:
Each Ar is an aromatic group. Each R is an alkyl group. The value n is a positive integer. The values of w, x, y, and z are 0 or 1. If y is 0 than x and z are 0 and w is 1, and if y is 1 than x and z have different values and w equals z. A thermoset made by crosslinking a silane-containing compound with the above compound. A method of making the above compound when y is 1 by: reacting 4,4-difluorobenzophenone with an aromatic diol to form an oligomer; and reacting the oligomer with a vinyl dialkylsilane. A method of making the below compound by: reacting 4,4-difluorobenzophenone with a vinyl dialkylsilane. Each R is an independently selected alkyl group.
(In the chemical formulae, X represents a residue in which two phenolic hydroxyl groups are excluded from a phenol compound having two or more phenolic hydroxyl groups in the molecule.)
Multi-armed macromonomers containing multiple side chains attached to a siloxy-containing core terminated on each end with one or more first substantially linear polysiloxane radicals having a polymerizable ethylenically unsaturated-containing terminal group, wherein each side chain comprises a second substantially linear polysiloxane radical having a polymerizable ethylenically unsaturated-containing terminal group are disclosed. Biomedical devices such as contact lenses formed from the multi-armed macromonomers are also disclosed.
One aspect of the invention relates to a method for formulating a molecular sieve catalyst composition, the method comprising the steps of: (a) providing a synthesized molecular sieve having been recovered in the presence of a flocculant; (b) thermally treating the synthesized molecular sieve at a temperature from about 50 C. to about 250 C. and under other conditions sufficient to form a thermally treated synthesized molecular sieve having a first LOI less than 26% and a first micropore surface area; (c) aging the thermally treated synthesized molecular sieve for at least one year; (d) analyzing the aged, thermally treated molecular sieve to determine a second micropore surface area, wherein the second micropore surface area is 3% or less lower than the first micropore surface area; and (e) combining the aged, thermally treated synthesized molecular sieve, a binder, and optionally a matrix material to produce an aged, formulated molecular sieve catalyst composition.
The cured product obtained from the radically polymerizable sulfur-containing compound and the radically polymerizable sulfur-containing polymer having a high refractive index is useful as an optical material, especially for lens material.
This invention provides a process for making a polyfunctional starburst-shaped fullerene derivative for use as a matrix-reinforcing agent for mesoporous and other porous materials. This invention can include the formation of a highly soluble example of such a derivative from a fullerene and a bifunctional coupling agent. A solution of said agent can be delivered to the surface of a porous solid during, or after, the solids formation. Porous films and bodies containing such a matrix-reinforcing agent can exhibit improved mechanical properties, and can be produced using equipment and techniques common and available to those skilled in the art of porous materials preparations.
The present invention relates to an improved process for preparing high performance aliphatic-aromatic mixed waterborne polyurethanes (PUs). Waterborne PUs prepared from mixed aromatic diisocyanates and aliphatic diisocyanates exhibit superior mechanical properties as compared with those prepared from aliphatic diisocyanates alone.
A polymer containing a polyester polymer unit having the formula (I-III-II), wherein III is derived form a di-carboxylic acid, wherein I is derived from 1,3 cyclohexanedimethanol, wherein II is derived from 1,4 cyclohexanedimethanol and wherein the polymer is a solid at room temperature.
Disclosed is a polymerizable composition containing a compound represented by the following general formula (1),
The invention provides modulators of Omi PDZ-ligand interaction, and methods of identifying and using these modulators.
The present invention provides method for producing trimeric tumor necrosis factor receptors that are potent inhibitors of their cognate ligands. More particularly, the present invention provides polypeptides that comprise: (1) an extracellular domain of the transmembrane activator and CAML (calcium-signal modulating cyclophilin ligand) interactor (TACI), and (2) a trimerizing polypeptide. Suitable TACI extracellular domains include: (1) amino acid residues 30 to 110 of SEQ ID NO:4, (2) amino acid residues 1 to 110 of SEQ ID NO:4, (3) amino acid residues 30 to 154 of SEQ ID NO:4, and (4) amino acid residues 1 to 154 of SEQ ID NO:4. Illustrative trimerizing polypeptides include a trimerizing fragment of Heat Shock Binding Protein-1. The present invention further provides homotrimeric complexes of fusion proteins comprising a TACI extracellular domain and a trimerizing polypeptide.
MAGI polypeptides, polynucleotides, antibodies, and methods for producing the same by recombinant techniques are disclosed. Also disclosed are methods for utilizing MAGI polypeptides and polynucleotides in diagnostic assays.
Agents and methods for the diagnosis and therapy of Alzheimer's disease are disclosed. Such agents include three genes located within the region of human chromosome 21 occupied by the APP gene, which are exclusively expressed in Alzheimer's disease, respectively, the proteins encoded and expressed by these genes, the nucleic acid molecules influencing their expression, and endogenous antibodies produced in humans with Alzheimer's disease against the above proteins. Also disclosed are antibodies and nucleotides to detect the presence of the proteins and nucleic acids in humans.
It is intended to provide a method for producing a denatured substance of lactalbumin, particularly the substance showing a cell death inducing activity against a tumor cell, simply at a low cost. The method for producing a denatured substance of lactalbumin includes heating a mixture of domestic animal milk and oleic acid. The method of the invention can produce a useful substance as a pharmaceutical which induces cell death of a tumor cell such as solid cancer or a leukemic lymphocyte from domestic animal milk which is an extremely inexpensive raw material and has advantages that the raw material can be obtained easily, supply of the raw material is stable, the raw material is inexpensive and the like. Further, the method is industrially advantageous because it has characteristics that a large amount of the tumor cell death inducing substance can be produced by a batch reaction, a column treatment is not required and the like.
Disclosed is a biological molecule-immobilized carbon membrane which comprises a porous carbon membrane and a biological molecule (e.g., an enzyme) immobilized on the carbon membrane, wherein the porous carbon membrane has three-dimensional cancellous pores through which fluid can permeate. The carbon membrane can have a large amount of a biological molecule (e.g., an enzyme) immobilized thereon and can also have a higher level of enzymatic activity or the like compared to a conventional one. Therefore, the carbon membrane is useful as an electrode for a bio-sensor or a bio-fuel cell.
The present disclosure relates, according to some embodiments, to compositions, systems, and methods for preparing and using fluorescent through-bond energy transfer cassettes.
The invention is directed to methods and compositions for chemical ligation of a first component that includes a carboxythioester and a second component that includes an amino-functionalized compound bearing a branched side chain that includes a removable thiol auxiliary, to give a ligation product having an amide bond at the ligation site. The reactants of the invention are chemoselective and the thiol moiety is removable from the ligation product. Removal of the thiol can be exploited to generate a native side chain at the ligation site. The methods and compositions of the invention are particularly useful for ligation of peptides and polypeptides. The ligation system of the invention is applicable to a wide variety of molecules, and thus can be exploited to generate peptides, polypeptides and other amino acid containing polymers.
Provided is a method for synthesizing a rare-earth oxo isopropoxide safely with a high yield, using a rare-earth metal, which is more inexpensive than anhydrous rare-earth chlorides, as a raw material.
In a solvent containing 90% or more by weight of isopropyl alcohol, a rare-earth metal and isopropyl alcohol are caused to react with each other in the presence of a mercury compound catalyst, a solvent is added thereto or the solvent is partially replaced, and then in a solvent containing 25% or more by weight of an aromatic hydrocarbon solvent having 6 to 10 carbon atoms or a saturated hydrocarbon solvent having 5 to 12 carbon atoms, water is added to conduct partial hydrolysis reaction, thereby synthesizing a rare-earth oxoisopropoxide.
The present invention provides 5-modified bicyclic nucleoside analogs and oligomeric compounds comprising at least one of these nucleoside analogs. In preferred embodiments the nucleoside analogs have either (R) or (S)-chirality at the 5-carbon. These bicyclic nucleoside analogs are useful for enhancing properties of oligomeric compounds including for example enhanced nuclease resistance.
Disclosed are nucleic acid and amino acid sequences for acetolactate synthase, acetolactate synthase regulatory regions, -tubulin promoter, a promoter from a Thraustochytriales polyketide synthase (PKS) system, and fatty acid desaturase promoter, each from a Thraustochytriales microorganism. Also disclosed are recombinant vectors useful for transformation of Thraustochytriales microorganisms, as well as a method of transformation of Thraustochytriales microorganisms. The recombinant nucleic acid molecules of the present invention can be used for the expression of foreign nucleic acids in a Thraustochytriales microorganism as well as for the deletion, mutation, or inactivation of genes in Thraustochytriales microorganisms.
This invention relates to polynucleotide and polypeptide transcription factor sequences that are of use for the transformation of plants. The AP2 transcription factors include G979, polynucleotide and polypeptide SEQ ID NOs: 1 and 2, respectively, and phylogenetically-related sequences.
The present invention is directed to a compound having the formula
Preparation of a new class of heterocyclic compounds pharmacologically active as anti-infectives, structurally correlated with 1,5-dihydro-2H-pyrrol-2-one.
The invention relates to an improved process for preparing triallyl cyanurate (TAC) by reacting cyanuric chloride with allyl alcohol in the presence of an alkali metal acid acceptor and in the absence of an organic solvent other than allyl alcohol. According to the invention, TAC is obtained in over 99% purity with an APHA colour number below 10 in a yield of over 90% when 3.9 to 6.0 mol of allyl alcohol and 3.0 to 3.2 equivalents of acid acceptor are used per mole of cyanuric chloride, cyanuric chloride and acid acceptor are added simultaneously or successively to anhydrous or at least 50% by weight aqueous allyl alcohol, and the reaction is performed in one or more stages at a temperature in the range of 5 to +50 C.
A novel process for preparing emtricitabine, and more particularly a process for preparing emtricitabine involving the formation and isolation of intermediate compounds in salified form, is described.
There are provided a brain function improving agent having an effect of improving learning and memory abilities, and a functional food containing the function improving agent. A preparation comprising a pyrroloquinoline quinone or a salt thereof alone or in combination with coenzyme Q10 and a functional food containing the preparation can improve learning and memory abilities decreased due to brain function disorders caused by various factors.
5-Methyl-4,5,6,7-tetrahydrothiazolo[5,4-c]pyridine-2-carboxylic acid of formula (5) or a salt thereof, [F14]
is prepared by reacting a compound of formula (6) or a salt thereof,
with a trihalogenoacetyl halide in the presence of a base, followed by hydrolysis.
The invention relates to an improved process for preparing enantiomerically pure 8-(3-aminopiperidin-1-yl)-xanthines.
Methods for the synthesis of heterocyclic compounds including N-(3,5-dichloropyrid-4-yl)-4-difluoromethoxy-8-methanesulfonamido-dibenzo[b,d]furan-1-carboxamide and pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof.
An object of the present invention is to provide a process, or the like, suitable for the industrialization of effective deprotection reaction without using a toxic solvent as well as to provide a process, or the like, for preparing a water-soluble azole prodrug effectively. The present invention provides a process for preparing a salt represented by Formula (I);
(wherein X represents a fluorine atom bonded at position 4 or position 5 of a phenyl group) in the presence of a carbocation scavenger.
The present invention relates to a process for synthesizing in good yield substituted 2-aminoaryloxazole compounds of formula I which are useful as certain tyrosine kinase inhibitors and more particularly as c-kit, bcr-abl, Flt-3 and mutant forms thereof.
From the starting 4-bromomethyl-2-(1-triphenylmethyltetrazol-5-yl)biphenyl, N-[(2(1-triphenylmethyl-tetrazol-5-yl)biphenyl-4-yl)methyl]-(L)-valine benzyl ester of formula 7 is obtained via a reaction with L-valine benzyl ester, and is converted to valsartan of formula I via a reaction with valeryl chloride and removing of protective groups. The method consists in converting, with hydrochloric acid, N-[(2-(1-triphenylmethyl-tetrazol-5-yl)biphenyl-4-yl)methyl]-(L)-valine benzyl ester of formula 7, obtained in the first stage, to N-[(2-(1-triphenylmethyl-tetrazol-5-yl)biphenyl-4-yl)methyl]-(L)-valine benzyl ester hydrochloride of formula III, which is optionally re-crystallized.
A modified bio-related substance, wherein at least one poly(alkylene glycol)oxy group represented by the following formula (1) is combined in a molecule:
A process produces a 2-benzoyloxyacetaldehyde derivative represented by following Formula (3):
wherein M represents an alkali metal atom and wherein the benzene ring in the formula may be substituted, in the presence of an alkali-metal halide.
A catalyst comprising a spray-dried transition metal zeolite and a noble metal is disclosed. The spray-dried transition metal zeolite comprises a transition metal zeolite and a binder. At least 50 wt. % of the binder is titania. The catalyst is used in a process to produce an epoxide by reacting an olefin, hydrogen, and oxygen. The catalyst is easy to filter from a slurry and produces a reduced level of hydrogenation products.
Methods of enzymatically resolving acyloxyalkyl thiocarbonates useful in the synthesis of acyloxyalkyl carbamate prodrugs are disclosed.
Intermediate compounds in the synthesis of Sitagliptin, 3-amino-4-(2,4,5-trifluorophenyl)but-2-enoic acid alkyl ester, and amino protected-3-amino-4-(2,4,5-trifluorophenyl)but-2-enoic acid alkyl ester, and the stereoselective reduction of these compound to give Synthon I, or the amino-protected Synthon I, are provided.
The present invention discloses compounds, compositions, and methods of using such compounds and compositions to inhibit, reduce, prevent, and remove biofilms. The invention further relates to methods of inhibiting biofilms on various substrates, such as medical devices.
A process for producing a 2-hydroxy-4-(methylthio)butyrate compound represented by the formula (2):
wherein A is as defined above, in the presence of a copper compound.
A method to produce polyethylene glycol ester comprises the step of reacting polyethylene glycols with polyhydroxy carboxylic acids or estolides polyhydroxy fatty acids at a temperature of 120 C. to 200 C. in the absence of any catalysts.
To provide a novel polymerizable fluorocompound having a highly fluorinated norbornane structure, and a polymer obtained from the compound. Further, their production processes and a novel intermediate useful for the processes.
This invention relates to the preparation of (R)-()-3-(carbamoylmethyl)-5- methylhexanoic acid, in particular, the resolution of the acid racemate by means of salification with optically active amines and subsequent acidification to give the (R) enantiomer of the acid; this invention also concerns the salt intermediates formed with said amines and the conversion of said (R)-()-3-(carbamoylmethyl)-5- methylhexanoic acid into biologically active molecules such as pregabalin.
Methods of preparing isoprenyl cysteine compounds by coupling a cysteine compound with an activated (i.e. halogenated) lipid are disclosed. Also disclosed, among other things, are methods of making activated (i.e. halogenated) lipids, and methods of purifying isoprenyl cysteine compounds.
A process for the preparation of acid halides of formula I
which are useful as intermediates in the preparation of i.a. pharmaceutically active compounds.
A method of producing xylylenediamine from xylene. In the method, xylene is converted into dicyanobenzene by ammoxidation. The produced dicyanobenzene is extracted into an organic solvent. The extract is then distilled to separate dicyanobenzene from the organic solvent. After added with a solvent, the separated dicyanobenzene is hydrogenated in a liquid phase. Finally, the hydrogenation product is purified by distillation to obtain a highly pure xylylenediamine. The method is conducted in a simple and low energy-consuming process.
The present invention relates to a process for performing catalyzed oxidation reactions of hydrocarbons over a catalyst disposed in a reactor, which comprises cooling the product gas stream of the catalyzed oxidation reaction immediately after it leaves the reaction zone of the reactor by feeding in a temperature-controlled gas stream which is fed in through at least one feed device into the region between lower reactor plate and outlet of the product gas stream.
A process for the production of an alcohol compound represented by the formula (3):
wherein Y represents a chlorine atom or a bromine atom; and n represents an integer of 2 or 3, in a biphase system composed of a water-immiscible organic solvent and an aqueous alkali metal hydroxide solution in the presence of a phase-transfer catalyst.
The present invention provides a process for direct hydroxylation of aromatic hydrocarbons like benzene to phenol, toluene to cresols and anisole to methoxy phenols by using hydrogen peroxide as environmentally benign oxidant in polar solvent like acetonitrile using vanadium phthalocyanine or its derivative as a catalyst, at a temperature in the range of 25-100 C.
Systems and methods for producing and using one or more doped catalysts are provided. One or more coked-catalyst particles can be fluidized in the presence of one or more oxidants to provide a fluidized mixture. The coke from the one or more coked-catalyst particles can be removed to provide regenerated catalyst particles within the fluidized mixture. One or more doping agents can be distributed to the fluidized mixture, and the one or more doping agents can be deposited onto the surface of the regenerated catalyst particles to provide a regenerated, doped catalyst particle.
A process for producing alkylate comprising contacting a first hydrocarbon stream comprising at least one olefin having from 2 to 6 carbon atoms which contains 1-butene with an isomerization catalyst under conditions favoring the isomerization of 1-butene to 2-butene so the isomerized stream contains a greater concentration of 2-butene than the first hydrocarbon stream and contacting the isomerized stream and a second hydrocarbon stream comprising at least one isoparaffin having from 3 to 6 carbon atoms with an acidic ionic liquid catalyst under alkylation conditions to produce an alkylate stream is disclosed.
An alkylaromatic dehydrogenation system is described. In addition, a method is described for monitoring an alkylaromatic dehydrogenation process comprising: drawing a sample from the process at a first sample point; passing the sample through an analyzer; and measuring the amount of at least one component present in the sample wherein the sample is at least partially uncondensed. An apparatus is also described for monitoring an ethylbenzene dehydrogenation process comprising a plurality of sample lines that are heat-traced sufficiently to inhibit condensation in the sample lines; and a Fourier Transform Infrared Spectrometer comprising two sample cells wherein the ratio of the length of a first sample cell to the length of the second sample cell is from about 1:1000 to about 1:1.
Processes for producing one or more olefins are provided. In one or more embodiments, a doped catalyst can be prepared by fluidizing one or more coked-catalyst particles in the presence of one or more oxidants to provide a fluidized mixture. At least a portion of the coke can be removed from the coked-catalyst particles to provide regenerated catalyst particles. One or more doping agents can be distributed throughout the fluidized mixture, depositing on the surface of the regenerated catalyst particles to provide doped catalyst particles. One or more hydrocarbon feeds can be fluidized with the doped catalyst particles to provide a reaction mixture which can be cracked to provide a first product containing propylene, ethylene, and butane.
A surgical kit can be used to manipulate tissue within the body of a patient to create a working space within the body to allow a surgeon to easily access and work within the body using various surgical instruments. A surgical kit can include an implant comprised of a magnetic material which can be engaged with tissue within the body. The kit can further include a surgical instrument having a magnet which can be used to manipulate the implant and tissue engaged therewith. A surgical kit can include an anchor and a hanger configured to engage tissue at different locations within the body and a connection member engaged with the anchor and the hanger such that the connection member can be pulled to move the anchor toward the hanger. A surgical instrument which utilizes a vacuum provided to one or more movable members can also be used to manipulate tissue.
A method of treating anal incontinence in a patient comprises providing a sling having a central portion and first and second arms, creating a subcutaneous tunnel between a first buttock incision and a second buttock incision in the patient, mechanically widening the subcutaneous tunnel to create a pocket for the central portion of the sling, grasping the first arm of the sling and pulling the sling through the subcutaneous tunnel such that the central portion of the sling rests underneath the ano-rectum, inserting an introducer needle through a first thigh incision formed in the patient and advancing the introducer needle through the first buttock incision, pulling the first sling arm through the first thigh incision, inserting the introducer needle through a second thigh incision formed in the patient and advancing the introducer needle through the second buttock incision, and pulling the second sling arm through the second thigh incision.
Described are implants, tools, and related methods, for use in pelvic surgery to treat conditions such as prolapse, including embodiments of methods that involve a tissue path above the arcus tendineus.
A method and apparatus for imaging features of a CBD in a patient introduces a fluorescent contrast agent into the CBD. A light source transmits both a visible light and a fluorescent light into a patient's abdominal cavity via the laparoscope. Cameras attached to or integrated into the laparoscope detect visible light images and fluorescent emission light images. The visible light image and fluorescent image signals are processed to combine the fluorescent emission light image signals and visible image signals into a single display signal. The system adjusts the display characteristics, such as color, of the fluorescent emission light image so it contrasts well with the visual light image so the surgeon can easily distinguish between the two images. The display signal is sent to a video monitor where the surgeon views the visible light image and the fluorescent image as a single overlaid image.
A scope adapted for insertion and manipulation in a difficult pathway is disclosed. The scope comprises at least one module for manipulating the scope. The scope may further comprise an illumination source, an image sensor, a power source, and a viewing member for viewing images of a cavity or other anatomical member of a patient. In one embodiment the scope is intended to facilitate insertion of an intubating device, which comprises an elongated semi-rigid stylet including first and second ends and at least one inner lumen connected to a module. Additionally, a flexible tip is provided for manipulating one end of the scope and allowing greater flexibility when maneuvering a difficult pathway. A method for navigating a difficult pathway and for using the apparatus described herein is also disclosed.
When a program is started upon turning on a power, a capsule endoscope (CE) is activated under a normal shooting mode and starts shooting images with light sources on. Using a remote controller for mode change, a mode change command is emitted to the CE. The image data thus obtained is input to a mode changer. The mode changer analyzes the image data and switches to a setting change mode when the image data is recognized as the mode change command. A two-dimensional code is displayed on a monitor of a command production device. The two-dimensional code is shot with a CCD. The image data thus obtained is input to a setting changer. The setting changer rewrites an argument in a setting value table to an argument designated by the setting change command.
An endoscope cleaning and disinfecting device that cleans and disinfects an endoscope including plural types of channels having different fluid passing characteristics using a fluid includes a fluid supplying unit that supplies the fluid to the endoscope channels, a measuring unit that measures the pressure or the flow rate of the fluid flowing through the endoscope channels, and a detecting unit that performs a comparison calculation based on measured values obtained by the measurement and the set values so as to detect clogging states of the endoscope channels.
A scope adapted for insertion, manipulation and improved visibility in a difficult pathway is disclosed. The scope comprises at least one module for manipulating the scope. The scope may further comprise an illumination source, an image sensor, a power source, and a viewing member for viewing images of a cavity or other anatomical member of a patient. The scope may further comprise alternative pathways for air or fluid flow to exit the distal tip for the purpose of minimizing trauma and improving visibility. In one embodiment the scope is intended to facilitate insertion of an intubating device, which comprises an elongated semi-rigid stylet including first and second ends and at least one inner lumen connected to a module. Additionally, a flexible tip is provided for manipulating one end of the scope and allowing greater flexibility when maneuvering a difficult pathway. A method for navigating a difficult pathway is also disclosed.
A rotatable operation device for an endoscope includes a fixed shaft projected outward from an operating portion, a cylindrical shaft projected from a rotatable operating member. The cylindrical shaft is rotatably fitted on the fixed shaft, and an end side surface of the cylindrical shaft contacts a fixed surface defined inside the operating portion. An internal space of the operating portion and an internal space of the rotatable operating member are airtight against outside. The rotatable operation device is configured to have an air passage which is formed in the cylindrical rotary shaft, a space at a fitted portion between the fixed shaft and the cylindrical rotary shaft communicating with the inside space of the operating portion through the air passage with the end side surface and the fixed surface remaining contacted.
An endoscope includes an insertion portion which has a bending portion, a wire which is fixed to an end of a distal side of the bending portion and is pushed along the insertion portion, an operating portion which is provided on a proximal side of the insertion portion opposite to the bending portion, and a wire-connecting member which is interposed in the wire between the insertion portion and the operating portion to form an allowance in a in which the wire is pushed and pulled, wherein a portion of the wire between the wire-receiving member and the wire-connecting member is inserted into the coil spring so that the coil covers a surface of the portion of the wire.
Apparatus and method can be provided for obtaining information regarding at least one portion of a biological structure. For example, using a first arrangement, it is possible to generate a first electro-magnetic radiation to be forwarded to the portion and receive, from the portion, a second fluorescent radiation associated with the first electro-magnetic radiation Further, using a second arrangement, it is possible to obtain information associated with the second fluorescent radiation, and generate at least one image of the portion as a function of the second fluorescent radiation. According to an exemplary embodiment of the present invention, the first arrangement can be inserted into at least one lumen, and the image of the portion may be associated with the at least one lumen.
A surgical retractor including a slab-shaped member having a first edge and a second opposing edge, wherein a deformable elongate member is provided affixed to said first edge, said elongate member comprising an external wall defining an internal chamber, wherein the external wall is configured to be compressible and moldable to a surface, in particular, a human tissue surface within a surgical incision. A curved flexural handle may be provided attached to the second edge.
A system and method for corroborating transitory changes in wellness status against a patient population through remote patient care is provided. A population that includes patients under remote patient care is managed. Physiometry for each patient over corresponding temporal periods is regularly obtained and contains recorded physiological measures. A wellness status for each patient is determined. The physiometry is evaluated against historical data maintained for the patient over a predetermined temporal period. Each difference in the physiometry and the historical data that exceeds a testing metric is flagged as a transitory change. Profiles of the patients in the population, which are similar, for those patients presenting corresponding transitory changes are correlated. A cumulative transitory change for the correlated patients is generated. The transitory change of each patient is corroborated against the cumulative transitory change to determine one of a match and deviation in wellness statuses.
A diagnostic testing system includes a network node comprising a controlling entity communicatively coupled to a network. The controlling entity communicates with a patient, a laboratory facility, and a medical decision maker over the network. The controlling entity controls the transfer of diagnostic data between the patient, the laboratory facility, and the medical decision maker over the network. The diagnostic data may be related to at least one diagnostic test on the patient.
An infant monitoring system includes a bladder configured for communication with an infant having a mass and measurable biological functions and properties. The bladder contains a substantially non-toxic fluid adapted to transmit fluid pressure. The infant monitoring system also includes a single pressure sensor that selectively monitors the fluid pressure. The pressure sensor detects a presence of the infant by monitoring for a substantially continuous pressure due to the mass of the infant. The infant monitoring system also includes an electronic module operatively connected to the pressure sensor, which electronic module receives a signal indicative of the fluid pressure monitored by the pressure sensor. The electronic module emits a notification if the signal is substantially outside of a predetermined boundary.
Systems and methods for processing sensor data are provided. In some embodiments, systems and methods are provided for calibration of a continuous analyte sensor. In some embodiments, systems and methods are provided for classification of a level of noise on a sensor signal. In some embodiments, systems and methods are provided for determining a rate of change for analyte concentration based on a continuous sensor signal. In some embodiments, systems and methods for alerting or alarming a patient based on prediction of glucose concentration are provided.
An embodiment of a system for analyzing a body fluid of a patient comprises a fluid transport network having a patient end configured to provide fluid communication with the body fluid in the patient and a fluid delivery point spaced from the patient end. A pump system is coupled to the fluid transport network. The pump system has an infusion mode in which the pump system is operable to pump an infusion fluid toward the patient end of the fluid transport network and a draw mode in which the pump system is operable to draw the body fluid from the patient into the fluid transport network through the patient end. At least one electrochemical test element is located near the fluid delivery point of the fluid transport network. The electrochemical test element is positioned to receive a portion of the body fluid delivered to the delivery point by the fluid transport network. An analyte detection system is configured to receive the test element and to measure at least one analyte in the portion of the body fluid.
An analyte monitor includes a sensor, a sensor control unit, and a display unit. The sensor has, for example, a substrate, a recessed channel formed in the substrate, and conductive material disposed in the recessed channel to form a working electrode. The sensor control unit typically has a housing adapted for placement on skin and is adapted to receive a portion of an electrochemical sensor. The sensor control unit also includes two or more conductive contacts disposed on the housing and configured for coupling to two or more contact pads on the sensor. A transmitter is disposed in the housing and coupled to the plurality of conductive contacts for transmitting data obtained using the sensor. The display unit has a receiver for receiving data transmitted by the transmitter of the sensor control unit and a display coupled to the receiver for displaying an indication of a level of an analyte. The analyte monitor may also be part of a drug delivery system to alter the level of the analyte based on the data obtained using the sensor.
An analyte monitor includes a sensor, a sensor control unit, and a display unit. The sensor has, for example, a substrate, a recessed channel formed in the substrate, and conductive material disposed in the recessed channel to form a working electrode. The sensor control unit typically has a housing adapted for placement on skin and is adapted to receive a portion of an electrochemical sensor. The sensor control unit also includes two or more conductive contacts disposed on the housing and configured for coupling to two or more contact pads on the sensor. A transmitter is disposed in the housing and coupled to the plurality of conductive contacts for transmitting data obtained using the sensor. The display unit has a receiver for receiving data transmitted by the transmitter of the sensor control unit and a display coupled to the receiver for displaying an indication of a level of an analyte. The analyte monitor may also be part of a drug delivery system to alter the level of the analyte based on the data obtained using the sensor.
An analyte monitor includes a sensor, a sensor control unit, and a display unit. The sensor has, for example, a substrate, a recessed channel formed in the substrate, and conductive material disposed in the recessed channel to form a working electrode. The sensor control unit typically has a housing adapted for placement on skin and is adapted to receive a portion of an electrochemical sensor. The sensor control unit also includes two or more conductive contacts disposed on the housing and configured for coupling to two or more contact pads on the sensor. A transmitter is disposed in the housing and coupled to the plurality of conductive contacts for transmitting data obtained using the sensor. The display unit has a receiver for receiving data transmitted by the transmitter of the sensor control unit and a display coupled to the receiver for displaying an indication of a level of an analyte. The analyte monitor may also be part of a drug delivery system to alter the level of the analyte based on the data obtained using the sensor.
An analyte monitor includes a sensor, a sensor control unit, and a display unit. The sensor has, for example, a substrate, a recessed channel formed in the substrate, and conductive material disposed in the recessed channel to form a working electrode. The sensor control unit typically has a housing adapted for placement on skin and is adapted to receive a portion of an electrochemical sensor. The sensor control unit also includes two or more conductive contacts disposed on the housing and configured for coupling to two or more contact pads on the sensor. A transmitter is disposed in the housing and coupled to the plurality of conductive contacts for transmitting data obtained using the sensor. The display unit has a receiver for receiving data transmitted by the transmitter of the sensor control unit and a display coupled to the receiver for displaying an indication of a level of an analyte. The analyte monitor may also be part of a drug delivery system to alter the level of the analyte based on the data obtained using the sensor.
An analyte monitor includes a sensor, a sensor control unit, and a display unit. The sensor has, for example, a substrate, a recessed channel formed in the substrate, and conductive material disposed in the recessed channel to form a working electrode. The sensor control unit typically has a housing adapted for placement on skin and is adapted to receive a portion of an electrochemical sensor. The sensor control unit also includes two or more conductive contacts disposed on the housing and configured for coupling to two or more contact pads on the sensor. A transmitter is disposed in the housing and coupled to the plurality of conductive contacts for transmitting data obtained using the sensor. The display unit has a receiver for receiving data transmitted by the transmitter of the sensor control unit and a display coupled to the receiver for displaying an indication of a level of an analyte. The analyte monitor may also be part of a drug delivery system to alter the level of the analyte based on the data obtained using the sensor.
An analyte monitor includes a sensor, a sensor control unit, and a display unit. The sensor has, for example, a substrate, a recessed channel formed in the substrate, and conductive material disposed in the recessed channel to form a working electrode. The sensor control unit typically has a housing adapted for placement on skin and is adapted to receive a portion of an electrochemical sensor. The sensor control unit also includes two or more conductive contacts disposed on the housing and configured for coupling to two or more contact pads on the sensor. A transmitter is disposed in the housing and coupled to the plurality of conductive contacts for transmitting data obtained using the sensor. The display unit has a receiver for receiving data transmitted by the transmitter of the sensor control unit and a display coupled to the receiver for displaying an indication of a level of an analyte. The analyte monitor may also be part of a drug delivery system to alter the level of the analyte based on the data obtained using the sensor.
An analyte monitor includes a sensor, a sensor control unit, and a display unit. The sensor has, for example, a substrate, a recessed channel formed in the substrate, and conductive material disposed in the recessed channel to form a working electrode. The sensor control unit typically has a housing adapted for placement on skin and is adapted to receive a portion of an electrochemical sensor. The sensor control unit also includes two or more conductive contacts disposed on the housing and configured for coupling to two or more contact pads on the sensor. A transmitter is disposed in the housing and coupled to the plurality of conductive contacts for transmitting data obtained using the sensor. The display unit has a receiver for receiving data transmitted by the transmitter of the sensor control unit and a display coupled to the receiver for displaying an indication of a level of an analyte. The analyte monitor may also be part of a drug delivery system to alter the level of the analyte based on the data obtained using the sensor.
An analyte monitor includes a sensor, a sensor control unit, and a display unit. The sensor has, for example, a substrate, a recessed channel formed in the substrate, and conductive material disposed in the recessed channel to form a working electrode. The sensor control unit typically has a housing adapted for placement on skin and is adapted to receive a portion of an electrochemical sensor. The sensor control unit also includes two or more conductive contacts disposed on the housing and configured for coupling to two or more contact pads on the sensor. A transmitter is disposed in the housing and coupled to the plurality of conductive contacts for transmitting data obtained using the sensor. The display unit has a receiver for receiving data transmitted by the transmitter of the sensor control unit and a display coupled to the receiver for displaying an indication of a level of an analyte. The analyte monitor may also be part of a drug delivery system to alter the level of the analyte based on the data obtained using the sensor.
An analyte monitor includes a sensor, a sensor control unit, and a display unit. The sensor has, for example, a substrate, a recessed channel formed in the substrate, and conductive material disposed in the recessed channel to form a working electrode. The sensor control unit typically has a housing adapted for placement on skin and is adapted to receive a portion of an electrochemical sensor. The sensor control unit also includes two or more conductive contacts disposed on the housing and configured for coupling to two or more contact pads on the sensor. A transmitter is disposed in the housing and coupled to the plurality of conductive contacts for transmitting data obtained using the sensor. The display unit has a receiver for receiving data transmitted by the transmitter of the sensor control unit and a display coupled to the receiver for displaying an indication of a level of an analyte. The analyte monitor may also be part of a drug delivery system to alter the level of the analyte based on the data obtained using the sensor.
An analyte monitor includes a sensor, a sensor control unit, and a display unit. The sensor has, for example, a substrate, a recessed channel formed in the substrate, and conductive material disposed in the recessed channel to form a working electrode. The sensor control unit typically has a housing adapted for placement on skin and is adapted to receive a portion of an electrochemical sensor. The sensor control unit also includes two or more conductive contacts disposed on the housing and configured for coupling to two or more contact pads on the sensor. A transmitter is disposed in the housing and coupled to the plurality of conductive contacts for transmitting data obtained using the sensor. The display unit has a receiver for receiving data transmitted by the transmitter of the sensor control unit and a display coupled to the receiver for displaying an indication of a level of an analyte. The analyte monitor may also be part of a drug delivery system to alter the level of the analyte based on the data obtained using the sensor.
An analyte monitor includes a sensor, a sensor control unit, and a display unit. The sensor has, for example, a substrate, a recessed channel formed in the substrate, and conductive material disposed in the recessed channel to form a working electrode. The sensor control unit typically has a housing adapted for placement on skin and is adapted to receive a portion of an electrochemical sensor. The sensor control unit also includes two or more conductive contacts disposed on the housing and configured for coupling to two or more contact pads on the sensor. A transmitter is disposed in the housing and coupled to the plurality of conductive contacts for transmitting data obtained using the sensor. The display unit has a receiver for receiving data transmitted by the transmitter of the sensor control unit and a display coupled to the receiver for displaying an indication of a level of an analyte. The analyte monitor may also be part of a drug delivery system to alter the level of the analyte based on the data obtained using the sensor.
An analyte monitor includes a sensor, a sensor control unit, and a display unit. The sensor has, for example, a substrate, a recessed channel formed in the substrate, and conductive material disposed in the recessed channel to form a working electrode. The sensor control unit typically has a housing adapted for placement on skin and is adapted to receive a portion of an electrochemical sensor. The sensor control unit also includes two or more conductive contacts disposed on the housing and configured for coupling to two or more contact pads on the sensor. A transmitter is disposed in the housing and coupled to the plurality of conductive contacts for transmitting data obtained using the sensor. The display unit has a receiver for receiving data transmitted by the transmitter of the sensor control unit and a display coupled to the receiver for displaying an indication of a level of an analyte. The analyte monitor may also be part of a drug delivery system to alter the level of the analyte based on the data obtained using the sensor.
Systems and methods for processing sensor data are provided. In some embodiments, systems and methods are provided for calibration of a continuous analyte sensor. In some embodiments, systems and methods are provided for classification of a level of noise on a sensor signal. In some embodiments, systems and methods are provided for determining a rate of change for analyte concentration based on a continuous sensor signal. In some embodiments, systems and methods for alerting or alarming a patient based on prediction of glucose concentration are provided.
An implantable monitoring device includes a flexible lead body that includes at least one sensing element. The device also includes a rigid main body connected to the flexible lead body at an attachment point. The rigid main body is generally centered about a longitudinal axis defined by the flexible lead body when the lead body is unflexed. The device further includes a measurement circuit, which is housed within the rigid main body and electrically coupled to the at least one sensing element of the flexible lead body and at least another sensing element on an outside surface of the rigid main body. The measurement circuit is configured to measure a potential difference between the at least one sensing element of the flexible lead body and the at least another sensing element of the main body.
A magnetic resonance system obtaining magnetic resonance exposures of an examination subject, has an examination tunnel, a whole-body antenna with two connection terminals. The whole-body antenna cylindrically extends around the examination tunnel along a longitudinal axis. The system has a radio-frequency supply device in order to respectively supply the whole-body antenna with radio-frequency signals for emission of a radio-frequency field in the examination tunnel. The radio-frequency supply device has a radio-frequency generator for generation of a radio-frequency signal, a signal splitter that divides a radio-frequency signal coming from the radio-frequency generator into two partial signals that are phase-shifted by 90 relative to one another. Two radio-frequency feed lines are connected with the two connection terminals of the whole-body antenna. Via these radio-frequency feed lines, the two partial signals are fed into the whole-body antenna. The whole-body antenna has an intrinsic transmission characteristic such that a radio-frequency field is emitted that is elliptically polarized in a defined manner in a plane lying perpendicular to the longitudinal axis (at least in the unloaded state of the examination tunnel).
This invention relates to a device for retrieving information about one or more states of a mammalian body comprising: (a) a magnetic resonance imaging device comprising a first set of one or more radio-frequency coils for measuring the body temperature Ti at a selected location of a mammalian body, (b) a local heating means including a second set of one or more radio-frequency coils, said second set comprising at least two channels for delivering focused radio frequency energy to said selected location of said mammalian body and raising the temperature Ti thereof, and (c) means for modulating said radio-frequency energy delivered by said second set of coils as a function of said temperature Ti in order to reach and maintain a predefined temperature Tp above the normal mammalian body temperature Tb.
The invention relates to a medical unit comprises a 3D radar array for the detection of positional or movement data of objects in an examination space and a processing unit for the evaluation of the detected data, with the processing unit being connected to the medical unit and to the 3D radar array, and with the evaluated data being used to control the medical unit or for post-processing data acquired by the medical diagnostic or therapeutic unit. The invention also relates to a method for improving examination or treatment workflows with the medical unit, comprising: detecting positional or movement data of objects in the examination space by the 3D radar array; generating control commands for the medical unit based on the detected data; and post-processing image or spectroscopy data received by the medical based on the detected data. The medical unit is a medical diagnostic or therapeutic unit.
A system and method of producing virtual roadmap image of a patient is described. CT-like image data may be obtained for a patient, with or without a contrast agent, and differenced so as to form a roadmap mask. The roadmap mask is in the form of a 2-dimensional digitally reconstructed radiograph from the same orientation as that of a fluoroscopic X-ray device which takes real-time images of the patient during treatment. The fluoroscopic image may be subtracted from the roadmap mask so as to more clearly visualize the position of a catheter introduced into the patient for treatment. When the orientation of the fluoroscopic image is changed during the course of treatment, the roadmap mask image for the corresponding orientation is used.
In an ultrasonic diagnostic apparatus including an ultrasonic probe, a scan controller, a storage unit, and an image generation unit, the scan controller receives a trigger signal every heartbeat period, scans each of a predetermined number of blocks of a particular diagnostic region of a body under examination with an ultrasonic beam a plurality of times in response to the trigger signal. The storage unit converts an acquired reflection signal into image data and stores the image data of an amount corresponding to a period in which the body under examination is fully scanned a plurality of times. The image generation unit selects image data from the image data stored in the storage unit for the respective blocks in accordance with the spatial arrangement order without being restricted by the temporal acquisition order, and generates a full image of the body under examination by connecting the selected image data.
A method displays ultrasound color flow image data in a plurality of output frames by continuously acquiring color flow image data. Each output frame includes a plurality of scan lines that collectively represent a field of view for an ultrasound image. The method includes sequentially transmitting a plurality of ultrasound beams. For each of the transmitted beams, multiple receive beams are formed along respective parallel scan lines. As the sequence progresses, sets of co-linear receive beams are formed along each of the respective scan lines at a predetermined rate both within a particular frame and between successive frames. The method also includes processing the sets of co-linear receive beams along each of the respective scan lines to generate color flow image data corresponding to the respective scan lines, and displaying a color flow image representing the generated color flow image data.
An ultrasonic transmission member including one end part and the other end part and transmitting an ultrasonic wave input into the one end part to the other end part is formed by preparing a main mold having a casting cavity corresponding to a whole outer shape of the ultrasonic transmission member, melting an alloy which is a material of a metallic glass, and pouring the melted alloy into the casting cavity of the main mold to solidify the melted alloy in a liquid phase state thereof.
Embodiments of the present invention are directed to various aspects of imaging systems, including permeable and impermeable barriers separating liquid compartments, one of which contains the object to be imaged and the other an ultrasonic transducer, a fluidic bearing between a transducer carriage and guide supporting the carriage, a linear motor for the carriage, and a location sensing device for the carriage.
A method and apparatus for imaging features of a CBD in a patient introduces a fluorescent contrast agent into the CBD. A light source transmits both a visible light and a fluorescent light into a patient's abdominal cavity via the laparoscope. Cameras attached to or integrated into the laparoscope detect visible light images and fluorescent emission light images. The visible light image and fluorescent image signals are processed to combine the fluorescent emission light image signals and visible image signals into a single display signal. The system adjusts the display characteristics, such as color, of the fluorescent emission light image so it contrasts well with the visual light image so the surgeon can easily distinguish between the two images. The display signal is sent to a video monitor where the surgeon views the visible light image and the fluorescent image as a single overlaid image.
A navigation-assisted fitness device broadly comprising a location determining component, a fitness monitoring component and a display. The location determining component determines location data for a user of the device as the user exercises. The fitness monitoring component is coupled with the location determining component and calculates fitness information for the user as the user exercises. The display displays the fitness information and other information and data.
A novel method, system, and apparatusthe RDH Methodfor evaluating antihypertensive treatment efficacy across patient populations is disclosed. In accordance to one embodiment, the RDH is a population vector index and graphical method that provides the means for the statistical assessment of antihypertensive treatment reduction, duration, and homogeneity using ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM). The population RDH was specifically designed as a tool to evaluate and compare blood pressure (BP) coverage offered by antihypertensive drugs over 24 h in populations. In accordance to one embodiment, the population RDH is a three-component vector index that incorporates information about the reduction, duration, and homogeneity of antihypertensive treatment, as well as their statistical significance over the 24 h period. In the preferred embodiment, the population RDH components quantify: 1) the total number of statistical significant BP reductions, 2) the maximum number of consecutive statistical significant reductions, and 3) the maximum number of consecutive non-significant reductions over the 24 hours, respectively; and reports two population graphs that characterize the effect of the treatment. The output of the RDH index can be used in clinical trials to characterize the effects of antihypertensive medications, and in clinical practice to guide antihypertensive treatment.
Software and apparatus are provided to automatically detect and map ganglionated plexi that are found within areas of complex fractionated electrograms in cardiac chambers. Electrogram signal are analyzed to count the number of complexes whose amplitude and peak-to-peak intervals meet certain criteria. Functional maps indicating a spatial distribution of the ganglionated plexi and the relative numbers of complex fractionated electrograms are produced for display.
A method and apparatus for predicting patient outcome from a physiological segmentable signal of a patient. In one embodiment, the method comprises the steps of obtaining the physiological segmentable signal of the patient; segmenting the physiological segmentable signal into a plurality of separate segmentable components; calculating a time series of the morphological distance between adjacent separate segmentable components of the plurality of separate segmentable components; and predicting patient outcome in response to the time series of the morphological distance. In another aspect, the invention relates to a method for extracting information from physiological signals for one or more subjects including the steps of partitioning the physiological signal into a plurality of components, grouping the components into a plurality of information classes, assigning a unique symbol to each information class, mapping each component to the assigned symbol, and examining one or more such sequences for clinical significance.
For a sampled signal, storing characteristic points generated based on parameters corresponding to curvature of the signal. The characteristic points include a time of occurrence of a lobe in a curvature series based on the signal and a corresponding amplitude of the signal. The characteristic points provide a compressed version of the sampled signal. The signal is reconstructed by establishing a function between a chronological sequence of characteristic points. For a repetitive signal, the stored data includes a code to indicate a time of reoccurrence of a previous cycle or data corresponding to differences between a previous cycle and a current cycle.
An apparatus and method for detecting the heart rate of a fetus. The apparatus includes three detectors detecting heart beats of the fetus, each detector including at least two electrodes detecting ECG signals, the detectors being positioned on an abdomen of a mother in use. The apparatus also includes a processor coupled to the detectors, the processor being adapted to process the ECG signals received from the detectors and determine a heart rate of the fetus. The method of determining the heart rate of the fetus includes determining a position of the fetus within a womb, placing the detectors on an abdomen of the mother, monitoring the ECG signals obtained from the detectors for a predetermined length of time, and processing the ECG signals obtained from the detectors positioned on the abdomen of the mother to determine heart beats of the mother.
An implantable medical device and associated method assess T-wave alternans by sensing a cardiac electrogram (EGM) signal and selecting a pair of consecutive T-wave signals from the EGM signal. A first amplitude and a second amplitude from each of the consecutive T-wave signals are determined. The differences between the first amplitudes and the second amplitudes of the consecutive T-wave signal pairs are used to compute a T-wave alternans metric.
Disclosed herein are an apparatus and method to detect a heart-rate and an air conditioning system having the apparatus. As peak points of vital signs acquired from a user are detected via determination of a period, a reliable heart rate variability is calculated based on the peak points. As the emotional state of the user can be diagnosed based on vital signs of the user, optimal air-conditioning control according to physical characteristics or emotional state of the user can be accomplished by sequentially controlling a variety of air-conditioning control factors according to the priority thereof until the user becomes comfortable.
A method of displaying a plurality of ST values constituting biological information of a subject displayed on a screen, includes: defining color gradations corresponding to degrees of the plurality of ST values to be acquired; acquiring the plurality of ST values from the subject; determining display elements for the acquired plurality of ST values in accordance with the defined color gradations; and displaying the determined display elements along a time axis in a belt-like form on the screen, for each of the plurality of ST values.
A system using bioelectric impedance to guide a flexible elongate transluminal device through an occlusion in a vessel. The device can be a guidewire or a device for performing an atherectomy, discectomy, ablation or similar technique. The device includes a first electrode disposed on a distal portion of the device. A second electrode is disposed in electric contact with the patient separate from the first electrode. An electric current is supplied between the first and second electrodes and a voltage drop is measured between the first and second electrodes. The voltage drop is converted to bioelectric impedance. Based on the impedance measurement, a clinician can determine if the device is approaching the vessel wall, permitting the clinician to redirect the device away from the vessel wall.
An electroacupuncture system for measuring and treating meridian energy balance in a patient. The system can include a pressure sensitive probe and return path contact, both of which are connected to an electrical potential source. The probe and contact are meant to be applied to a patient to diagnose and treat meridian energy imbalances. The system also includes a processing apparatus connected to the electrical potential source capable of interpreting the readings taken by the electrical potential source and probe and affecting operation of the system based on the readings. The processing apparatus may also use measurements to calculate an overall meridian energy balance number.
At least one exemplary embodiment is directed to a method of measuring ear canal wall pressure comfort level comprising: inserting an expandable pressure exertion device into an orifice; expanding the device inside the orifice in increments of pressure; and saving a threshold level where a user indicates that the pressure exerted against the walls of the orifice is becoming at least one of uncomfortable, painful, and noticeable.
A marker delivery system is provided that includes a delivery tube and a push rod. The delivery tube is defined by distal and proximal ends and includes a distal opening that communicates with a lumen extending through the delivery tube and a curved distal end portion. The distal opening is positioned distally of the curved distal end portion. The push rod is configured for slidable engagement within the lumen of the delivery tube and is sized to extend to at least the distal opening of the delivery tube when the push rod is fully inserted within the delivery tube to push out one or more site markers disposed within the lumen of the delivery tube.
Body fluid sampling device comprising a skin-piercing element having a collection zone for receiving body fluid, the device further comprising a fluid receiving means remotely spaced apart from the collection zone so that body fluid in the collection zone will not contact the fluid receiving means initially. The collection zone takes up a very small volume of body fluid of about 10 to 500 nl in a very short time period of less than 0.5 seconds. The fluid receiving means may have a test zone for performing an analytical reaction. Fluid sample from the collection zone is automatically or manually transported to the fluid receiving means to contact the fluid with the test zone.
A portable medical analyzer comprising a sampling module with a sample port for receiving body fluid, an assay sensor module for analysis of the body fluid, an analytical detector module with detection of information from the assay, and a communications module for transferring the information to a remote location via a wired or wireless network.
A tissue penetrating system has a housing member. A plurality of penetrating members are positioned in the housing member. A tissue stabilizing member is coupled to the housing. A penetrating member sensor is coupled to the plurality of penetrating members. The penetrating member sensor is configured to provide information relative to a depth of penetration of a penetrating member through a skin surface.
A flexible guidewire comprising a hollow tube, having a proximal section and a distal section, the distal section having a distal tip, the outer diameter of the distal section gradually decreasing toward the distal tip, the outer diameter of the distal tip being larger than the smallest outer diameter of the distal section, the flexible guidewire further comprising a plug coupled with the distal tip of the hollow tube for creating a non-traumatic tip, and the flexible guidewire further comprising a tubular spring, being place around the distal section of the hollow tube for maintaining the outer diameter of the hollow tube over the length thereof and for supporting compressive loads.
A male coupler for a guidewire, the guidewire having a hollow walled tube, the male coupler comprising a connector section, coupled with the guidewire, a portion of the connector section having a diameter smaller than the diameter of the hollow tube, at least one conducting ring coupled with the connector section where the diameter of the connector section is smaller the diameter of the guidewire, wherein the diameter of connector section and the at least one conducting ring substantially equals the diameter of the guidewire.
Methods and devices are provided for handling data in an implantable restriction system. In general, the methods and devices allow collection, analysis, storage, and transmission of pressure measurements. Pressure measurement data can be compressed before storing it. Additionally, not all pressure data need be recorded or retained, such as data substantially equaling a resting or nominal pressure of an implantable restriction device indicative of little to no pressure variation and data indicative of isolated, non-recurring events. Any pressure measurement data that is recorded can be transmitted to an external device using power telemetrically provided by the external device.
The invention is directed to a mobile balancing device and the use of said balancing device for the balance training of a body; the invention is further directed to a method for mobile balance training, e.g. for athletes or patients.
In a moving body inspection apparatus, sequential waveform data obtained from a movement sensor is analyzed, wherein a plurality of waveforms from the waveform data is generated; phases compared among a plurality of movement waveforms; and a result of comparing phases are displayed. A partial waveform in a frequency analysis time interval having a predetermined length is extracted from a plurality of the movement waveforms. A frequency analysis operation is performed for the extracted partial waveforms to calculate phases at maximum power frequencies in the frequency analysis time interval; a phase difference is calculated among a plurality of the movement waveforms. The peaks may be detected in a plurality of movement waveforms. Peak intervals are calculated as time intervals between adjoining peaks. The peaks among the movement waveforms are matched. Phase differences are calculated among a plurality of the movement waveforms.
The present invention is related to a bi-direction treating device with player function including a power supplying unit, a controller, a displaying unit, an audio outputting unit, an input unit, a multimedia processing unit and a high voltage treating unit. The device is supplied by the power supplying unit and is operated by user through inputting operation instructions from the input unit. The controller controls the multimedia processing unit and the high voltage treating unit according to user's instructions. And, through the displaying unit, the audio outputting unit and the high voltage treating unit, the user can enjoy a multimedia acousto-optical effect during treatment.
An apparatus for passive contraction of at least one finger of a patient with an upper arm unit, a lower arm unit, and at least one connective line. The apparatus is configured such that elbow extension of the patient promotes finger flexion. This is accomplished by taking advantage of the geometry of the arm, where the distance from a point on the patient's humeral area to the patient's fingers is greater when the patient's arm is in extension than when it is in flexion. In one aspect, the upper arm unit is configured to connect to a portion of the patient's arm between the patient's elbow and shoulder and the lower arm unit is configured to connect to a portion of the patient's arm intermediate the patient's hand and elbow.
A therapy system is operable to deliver at least one respiratory therapy to a patient. For example, therapy system may be operable to deliver any one or more of the following therapies: a high frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) therapy, a positive expiratory pressure (PEP) therapy, a nebulizer therapy, an intermittent positive pressure breathing (IPPB) therapy, a cough assist therapy, a suction therapy, a bronchial dilator therapy, and the like. The therapy system is contained in a housing supported by a mobile stand.
A massaging device for relieving the stiffened muscles of a user. The device comprises a strap comprising a plurality of pockets disposed along its length. The device further comprises a plurality of balls that are to be received within the plurality of pockets. When the strap is secured around a desired body part, the balls keep pressed against the body part so as to produce a massaging effect thereon.
The present invention includes an ergonomic arm sling and method for using the same. The ergonomic arm sling includes a two-piece system that can be used by placing the affected arm into a pouch and securing it with a pouch strap and attaching it to a second portion which is worn around the user's torso. The two pieces can be attached through a connecting means, but are otherwise unattached. The torso portion of the ergonomic arm sling includes a long strip with an opening in the middle such that an unaffected arm can be placed through. Once the end of the strip are connected around the torso, the shoulder of the unaffected arm can bear the weight of the affected arm.
A body brace for a wearer has a combination of adjustment mechanisms and fasteners to help fit the body brace to a wearer. A wearer first fastens the body brace about his abdomen and lumbar regions to generally fit the body brace around the wearer's waist. The wearer then adjusts one set of adjustment mechanisms that adjust an upper and lower circumference of the brace to allow the brace to fit both straight and pear-shaped bodies. Lastly, the wearer adjusts a second set of adjustment mechanisms that tighten a rear panel of the body brace against a lumbar region of the wearer. Preferably, the adjustment mechanism that is used to tighten the rear panel is an advantaged adjustment mechanism to allow for fine-tuning and a snug fit.
The present invention is directed to apparatus, systems, and methods for reducing anterior shoulder dislocations in a patient. In one embodiment, the apparatus of the present invention comprises a humeral cuff, an inflatable bladder, a source of pressurized gas in select fluid communication with the inflatable bladder, and at least one elongated belt attached to the humeral cuff. In another embodiment, the system of the present invention comprises the apparatus of the present invention and at least one weight configured to selectively couple to at least a portion of the at least one elongated belt. In a further embodiment, the methods of the present invention comprise positioning the patient in a substantially prone position, providing the system of the present invention, selectively positioning the humeral cuff in an operative position, and attaching at least one weight to at least one elongated belt such that downward graviational force is applied to the patient's arm to effect the desired reduction.
A walking splint removably attachable to the lower leg and foot to substantially immobilize the ankle joint and provide stretching of the plantar fascia having the improved advantage that posterior shell of the walking splint has an asymmetrically positioned anti-skid tread on the exterior of the posterior shell, preferably under both the foot area and the heel area.
An adjustable soft wrap for treating plantar fasciitis is provided. A soft wrap is cut from material in such a manner to allow independent compression adjustment on the ankle and the middle of the foot while simultaneously having straps to allow tension adjustment of the stretch tension on the planter fascia.
A medical bandage is disclosed including a knitted spacer fabric cover or padding positioned in surrounding relation on a moisture-hardenable substrate. A reactive system is applied to and into the thickness of the substrate. The reactive system having a first state wherein the substrate remains in a flexible, conformable condition and a second state wherein the reactive system hardens, simultaneously hardening the substrate into a desired conformation.
An improved abdominal binder is provided. The abdominal binder can include at least one external securing mechanism for holding a drainage bulb. In one embodiment, the securing mechanism can include one or more strips of hook or loop type material. In another embodiment, an improved abdominal binder that can support multiple drainage bulbs externally of the abdominal binder is provided. The improved abdominal binder can further include one or more openings to receive a drainage tube of a bulb held external to the abdominal binder.
An article of apparel adapted to provide a compressive pressure to reduce lymphedema, the pressure configured to direct edema in a direction, wherein the apparel may be a garment adapted to be worn on an upper body portion of a user and may include a body portion, arm portions, and a neck portion, the body portion including a front portion, a back portion, and chest wall portions, wherein, the front, back, and chest wall portions may be adapted to encircle the torso of a user and provide compressive pressure, the arm portions including sleeve portions and underarm portions wherein the sleeve and underarm portions may be adapted to encircle the arms of a user and provide compressive pressure. Using the article of apparel as or in a method of reducing lymphedema is encompassed.
A method of treating inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) comprises providing an intestinal biopsy sample obtained from inflamed tissue of a patient; mechanically treating the sample to obtain a cell suspension; identifying cell surface markers of activated leukocytes selected from T lymphocytes, neutrophil granulocytes, and eosinophil granulocytes in the suspension; raising antibodies against one of more of the activated cells and immobilizing them on a support; providing a column loaded with the support; diverting a portion of the patient's peripheral blood to make it pass through the column before re-infusing it to the patient to make the activated leukocytes couple with antibodies on the support, thereby eliminating them from the blood stream. Also disclosed are corresponding columns and supports, and their use in the method.
A split-tip catheter for placement within the vasculature of a patient and for use in hemodialysis or other suitable procedures is disclosed. In one embodiment, the split-tip catheter includes a catheter body that defines a first lumen and a second lumen. The catheter body further comprises a split distal region, including a venous segment and an arterial segment. The venous segment includes a recess extending proximally of a nose portion; and a lateral opening in fluid communication with the first lumen. The arterial segment also includes a lateral opening, is separate from the venous segment, and is removably seatable in the recess provided by the venous segment. In one embodiment, the distal region is un-split, but includes symmetrically opposed lateral openings, as well as distal openings, in communication with the first and second lumens for providing a functional stagger for blood flow in both forward and reverse catheter flow directions.
The present invention provides applicators for inserting feminine hygiene articles, such as and pessaries into a user's body.
The invention provides a wearable device for delivery of light of a desired wavelength and power to the cornea of a subject. The device includes a frame for attachment of a light source housing which includes a light source and a lens positioned in the housing to allow light to be directed to the eye of the subject, and the light source is operably linked to a power source. The invention provides method for the prevention and treatment of ocular disease including infection, neoplasia, and corneal dystrophies. The device of the invention can be used in conjunction with photoactive therapeutic agents.
The method disclosed includes the combining of iontophoresis or electrotherapy and ultrasound to simultaneously deliver the appropriate chromophore to the skin for cosmetic or therapeutic treatment of the skin and skin conditions by the use of a laser, Intense Pulsed Light (IPL), a combination of laser and Radio Frequency (RF) energy, or a combination of IPL and RF.
Devices, systems and methods for compressing, cutting, incising, reconfiguring, remodeling, attaching, repositioning, supporting, dislocating or altering the composition of tissues or anatomical structures to alter their positional or force relationship to other tissues or anatomical structures. In some applications, the invention may be used to used to improve patency or fluid flow through a body lumen or cavity (e.g., to limit constriction of the urethra by an enlarged prostate gland).
Phacoemulsification needle tips have indentations formed thereon to allow the needles to be used with torsional motion phaco handpieces and with phaco handpieces producing linear or longitudinal motion.
A surgical tool such as a liposuction cannula is equipped with a sensor at the tool tip. The sensor continuously analyzes the type of tissue in contact with the tip based on the electrical properties of the tissue. When encountering a tissue type that should not be disturbed, the action of the surgical tool is stopped automatically. When used for liposuction, the cannula is mechanically decoupled from the handle when the wrong type of tissue is detected thus minimizing the inertia of the part that needs to be stopped. Besides electrical sensing, other sensors, such as mechanical or ultrasonic, can be used at the tip of the surgical tool or cannula to differentiate between tissue types
A device for treating the skin comprises a handpiece assembly having a distal end and a proximal end, a cartridge comprising an interior cavity and a tip on the distal end of the handpiece assembly. The handpiece assembly includes a fluid delivery conduit and a waste conduit. In addition, the cartridge is coupled to the handpiece assembly with the interior cavity of the cartridge being in fluid communication with the fluid delivery conduit. Further, the tip is configured to contact the skin. The tip comprises a peripheral lip, a first opening in fluid communication with the fluid delivery conduit, a second opening in fluid communication with the waste conduit and an abrasive element. The first opening, the second opening and the abrasive element of the tip are generally positioned within the peripheral lip.
An ophthalmic fluid atomizer configured to safely deliver an ophthalmic fluid, the ophthalmic fluid atomizer including a body having a proximal end, a distal end and a keyed surface contour, a reservoir connected to the body within a cavity of the body, wherein the reservoir contains an ophthalmic fluid disposed therein, wherein the keyed surface contour permits insertion of the reservoir into the cavity when the reservoir is in a predetermined orientation and prevents insertion into the cavity when the reservoir is not in the predetermined orientation. The atomizer further including a discharge plate disposed at the distal end, wherein the discharge plate includes a plurality of openings extending therethrough and a prime mover that transmits the ophthalmic fluid from the reservoir to the discharge plate, wherein transmission of the ophthalmic fluid across the discharge plate generates a plume of ophthalmic fluid along a direction directly toward the eye, wherein the plume of ophthalmic fluid travels unassisted from the discharge plate to the eye and at the eye has a momentum that has a magnitude that is insufficient to trigger at least one of an ocular blink reflex and a lacrimation reflex of the eye, wherein the plume of ophthalmic fluid contains an amount of ophthalmic medicine and the momentum of the plume is such that substantially all of the amount of ophthalmic medicine is received and retained by the eye. The atomizer further including a nozzle assembly attached to the body and a handle assembly comprising a handle, the handle assembly coupled to the nozzle assembly.
Systems, devices, and methods permit insufflation of a body cavity prior to the insertion of a cannula into the body cavity. Some embodiments of an access system comprise an obturator, a trocar, and a fluid flow channel. The access system has a closed configuration, in which a distal end of the access system is fluidly isolated from the fluid flow channel, and an open configuration, in which the distal end of the access system is fluidly connected to the fluid flow channel, thereby permitting fluid flow, for example, an insufflation gas into a body cavity.
In other embodiments a fluid pressure sensing device is formed with a fluid entry chamber and a fluid exit chamber interconnected by a passageway and provided with a piston that reacts to an increase in fluid pressure above a predetermined amount to close off the interconnection between the chambers and fluid flow into the exit chamber. Continued fluid flow from the eit chamber results in a reduction of fluid therein and reopening of the fluid passageway between the chambers.
A gas vent valve assembly may be attached or incorporated to a disposable fluid transfer set used with a fluid warmer to administer an infusate to a patient. The gas vent valve assembly has a housing having a fluid inlet, a gas outlet and a fluid outlet. The gas outlet is located at the top of the housing while the fluid outlet is located at the bottom of the housing. The fluid inlet is located at a side lower portion of the housing. Inside the housing is an actuator float that has an upper seal and a lower seal. The dimension of the float relative to the chamber of the housing is such that the float is freely movable within the housing to an upper position whereby its upper seal closes the gas outlet while the fluid outlet is opened, and to a lower position whereby its lower seal closes the fluid outlet and the gas outlet is opened. The movement of the float is dependent on the respective amounts of air and fluid in the housing, and the buoyancy of the float relative to the fluid in the housing. When a predetermined volume of air gets inside the housing, the float sinks to its lower position to close the fluid outlet and open the gas outlet, so that the air inside the housing is vented to atmosphere while fluid is prevented from being output to the patient. When the amount of gas in the chamber has been reduced to a given volume, with a corresponding increase in the amount of fluid in the housing, the float is raised to open the fluid outlet, thereby enabling the fluid inside the housing to be output to the patient. At that time, the gas outlet is shut to prevent any reverse inflow of air into the housing.
A oral gastric lavage apparatus includes a tube that has a longitudinal first lumen and a smaller longitudinal second lumen. The tube has a proximate end with a first opening for connecting a source of suction to the first lumen and a second opening for connecting an irrigant source to the second lumen. The first lumen as plurality of inlets near a distal end of the tube and the second lumen as a plurality of outlets near the distal end. A hydrophilic coating is applied to the outer surface of the tube. A tapered tip is attached to distal end of the tube and is formed of a material that is softer and more flexible than the material of the tube.
Systems and methods are described for implementing a bioactive material selection from within a digestive tract and transmitting a wireless signal indicating at least the bioactive material selection from within the digestive tract.
Branching catheter systems with diagnostic components for detecting and isolating fluid flow problems (e.g., leaks, occlusions, etc.) and methods for detecting and isolating fluid flow problems are disclosed. Among the fluid flow problems that may potentially be detected are leaks in the branching catheter systems (e.g., cuts, disconnected components, etc.). Another fluid flow problem that may be detected using the diagnostic systems of the present invention is the presence of occlusions or other blockages that prevent fluid flow within the catheter systems. In addition to identifying that a problem exists, the diagnostic components may preferably also be used to identify the location of the fluid flow problem as discussed herein. Connectors for use in the branching catheter systems are also disclosed. Among the diagnostic components that may be used in branching catheter systems of the present are valves to control fluid flow through the various sections of the branching catheter system, fluid flow detectors to detect flow through the one or more sections of the branching catheter system and a control system for operating the diagnostic components.
The invention relates to a device for treating bladder emptying dysfunctions of a human, in which a catheter that can be inserted into the urethra is provided with a bladder emptying channel and with a balloon arrangement, which serves to seal the bladder and to hold the catheter inside the bladder lumen and which can be filled with a fluid. In addition, an automatically closing valve having an elastically held closure part is provided in a proximal end area of the catheter and is connected via a connecting channel filled with an actuating fluid to an actuating balloon placed at the distal end section of the catheter. Without the use of mechanical means, the closure part can be lead out of a sealing system solely due to a hydraulic action effected by the actuating balloon via the hydraulic pressure built up in the connecting channel at said proximal end section. This closure part can be lead out of the sealing system to such an extent as to open the bladder emptying channel of the catheter for an unobstructed passage of urine.
A blood flow blocking catheter, comprises: a puncture needle component having a puncture needle capable of puncturing a vein; and a sheath that covers said puncture needle component, and a balloon catheter that can be inserted into and removed from a lumen of the puncture needle component and has at its distal end a balloon that can block off blood flow. With the present invention, a balloon catheter can be easily inserted into a vein, and the balloon inflated, without making a large incision in the vein. Therefore, the temporary obstruction of blood flow with a balloon catheter can be carried out more easily, and this simplifies the surgery and makes it less invasive. Thus, it is possible to obtain a blood flow blocking catheter with which vascular anastomosis can be performed more safely and in less time.
A cell delivery system and method for delivering cells locally to a tissue, body cavity, or joint is described. The cell delivery system comprises a catheter configured to deliver stem cells in a pressure controlled manner. The catheter may comprise an inner bladder and an outer perforated bladder. The inner bladder may be expanded through the use of a pressure conduit in order to deploy a stent. Cells, such as endothelial cells derived from adipose tissue, may be introduced between the inner and outer bladder. The inner bladder may be further expanded in order to exert pressure on the outer perforated bladder to advance the stems cells though the apertures of the outer bladder. The inner bladder may remain pressurized to hold the outer bladder against the vessel wall, thereby directing the stem cells to specific target sites. The system may be used to deliver stem cells with or without other therapeutic agents. The system may be used with or without a stent. The system may further comprise a pressure gauge that permits measurement and regulation of pressure within the catheter.
Novel systems enable PTNA rapid exchange (RX) types of systems for ICAD, support balloon test occlusion, treatment of vasospasm after sub-arachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) and facilitate aneurysm neck remodeling during coiling embolization. The systems disclosed include an embodiment having a catheter comprising a RX port for providing catheter support within and above the carotid siphon and distal vertebral arteries, a conformable, semi-compliant balloon manipulable to gain forward progress through intracranial vessels substantially narrowed by plaque in combination with at least a guidewire, and a tip disposed at a distal end of the catheter.
A safety syringe for taking blood has a hollow barrel with two first slots and two second slots and a detachable needle hub. The needle hub is mounted in the barrel and has a moving base with a needle near a proximal end and a positioning base near a distal end. The positioning base detachably connects to the moving base and has a push button and two stopping resilient elements protruding symmetrically from an outer surface of the positioning base and protruding in the first slots before the push button being pushed and protruding in the second slots after the push button being pushed, so the position base can not move backward. Therefore, medical personnel are able to distinguish easily if the syringe has been used or not.
The present invention is an ophthalmic injection aid having a positioning member and a needle assembly. The injection aid facilitates the creation of an anterior juxtascleral depot of an ophthalmic drug.
The present disclosure provides for an airless intravenous (IV) bag which contains a specialized device, referred to herein as the airless intravasculature infusion device (AIVID). The AIVID allows one to view the amount of fluid in the IV bag but substantially decreases or completely prohibits the risk of an inadvertent air infusion into a patient.
The suggested device comprises a dispensing piston that is actuatable by a pressure medium for dispensing a syringe and a guide portion within which the dispensing piston is displaceably supported. The device is designed for dispensing a double syringe and includes a handling portion for receiving the pressure medium, the dispensing piston, and the guide portion, as well as locking means that are releasable by applying manual pressure to the handling portion and are arranged on the handling portion and operatively connected to locking means provided on the dispensing piston. This allows a very simple repeated use of this arrangement for self-dispensing by patients, and remote wounds, e.g. an arm or foot wound, can also be treated by the patient independently.
An infusion device with safeguards for protecting a patient from inappropriate infusion during a malfunction comprises a pump, an electronic controller for controlling the pump, and a mechanical stop facility for stopping the pump by mechanically blocking pump motion. The stop facility periodically requires resetting by the controller to continue infusion.
An apparatus for steering a guidewire and for connecting the guidewire to an extension guidewire. The apparatus includes a steering device for gripping an exterior of the guidewire, the steering device defining a passageway therein through which the guidewire may pass; and a connecting device for connecting the guidewire to the extension guidewire. The connecting device is configured for mating with the steering device to form an integral unit. The invention further includes a method of inserting a guidewire in a body and connecting the guidewire to an extension guidewire. The method includes the steps of: providing an integral guidewire holder and tool for connecting a guidewire to an extension guidewire; gripping the guidewire with the integral guidewire holder; inserting the guidewire into a body lumen; displacing the integral guidewire holder and tool relative to the guidewire so that the proximal end of the guidewire is located in a slot of the integral guidewire holder and tool; inserting an extension guidewire into the slot of the integral guidewire holder and tool; and connecting the guidewire to the extension guidewire. The method further includes the step of aligning the guidewire and extension guidewire in the slot prior to the connecting step.
An implant for percutaneous implantation through the abdominal wall for encircling and engaging an externalised length of a body duct of a human or animal patient. The implant has an exterior ring section protruding outwardly from the abdominal wall with a free end which serves for mounting of a detachable device, and an interior section extending through the abdominal wall and inside the patient for internal fixation of the implant. The exterior ring section and interior section have a common axis. The internal circumference of at least a part of the exterior ring section above the interior section is arranged with a biocompatible, integrated ingrowth means for the exterior surface of the body duct wall.
A surgical portal apparatus includes a portal member dimensioned to access tissue and having a longitudinal passageway therethrough to permit access to underlying tissue, and defining leading and trailing ends, a seal housing associated with the portal member and a seal mount at least partially disposed within the seal housing. The seal mount is adapted for rotational movement within the seal housing. The seal mount includes an instrument seal adapted to establish a substantial sealed relation with a surgical object introduced within the longitudinal passageway and a closure valve adapted to substantially close the longitudinal passageway in the absence of the object.
A surgical access apparatus for providing access inside a body includes a housing having a first port, a tubular member extending distally from the housing and defining a longitudinal axis therealong, wherein the tubular member includes a lumen extending therethrough. a shaft insert disposed in the lumen of the tubular member, wherein the shaft insert forms first, second, and third passageways extending along the lumen of the tubular member, wherein each of the first, second, and third passageways is adapted to receive a surgical instrument; and a first seal assembly covering the first port of the housing and defining a first passage disposed in communication with the first passageway defined by the shaft insert in the tubular member, wherein the first seal assembly is adapted to form a seal around the surgical instrument inserted through the first passage of the first seal assembly.
An access port for enabling passage of a conduit through a partition wall, said port comprising three portions, a sleeve portion surrounding an aperture for receiving a conduit there through, a flange portion for attachment to the partition wall, said flange portion encircles the sleeve portion and has a greater diameter than the sleeve portion, and a membrane portion connecting the flange portion and the sleeve portion. The port may be suitable for, in a leak-proof manner, passing a catheter or drain tube through the wall of a medical device such as a wound care device or a drainage bag.
A method of conducting biological materials in soft tissue includes inserting an elongated conduit device into the soft tissue and through a defect in the soft tissue, and conducting biological materials along at least one longitudinal channel defined on an outer surface of the conduit device into the soft tissue. The conduit device is externally threaded.
In accordance with one embodiment of the present disclosure, a device for assisting in development of a scar tissue tunnel track is described. The device comprises a base, a strap secured to the base, and a slide pivotally connected to the base. The base is configured to rest on a patient with the strap configured to extend around a portion of the patient to restrict movement of the base. The slide is configured to accommodate a needle and repeatably pivot to a position whereby the needle can be introduced in the patient at a repeatable angle.
A reinforced closure anchor includes a fabric layer having an adhesive side, an opposite non-adhesive side, and an outer edge. An anchor member layer having a reinforcing structure, an adhesive side, and an opposite non-adhesive side is disposed on the fabric layer. The anchor member non-adhesive side is adhered to the fabric layer adhesive side. The anchor member is disposed within the outer edge of the fabric layer.
An infusion assembly comprises a disposable wearable infusion device having a body arranged to be adhered to a patient's skin and a cannula arranged to be received by the device body to deploy the cannula for delivering a medicament to beneath the patient's skin. A lock locks the cannula within the device body when the cannula is deployed in the device.
A device for regulating the flow rate of a medical liquid includes a body provided with elements associated with corresponding parts connected together but torsionally free, at least one of the parts including a plurality of recesses acting as flow regulator able to modify the flow rate of the liquid directed towards the patient by rotating the parts about a common axis of rotation. Between the parts a seal element enables the recesses to be selectively connected together via communication elements, so achieving flow rate regulation. Transverse sealers are provided between the seal element and at least the second part of the parts which are interconnected but torsionally free. The transverse sealers preventing the escape of liquid from the recesses and from the body of the device following a relative movement or misalignment between the parts in a plane perpendicular to the axis of rotation or along this latter during flow regulation or following any angular misalignment of the parts relative to the axis.
A covering for delivering a substance or material to a surgical site is provided. The covering, with substance provided therein, may be referred to as a delivery system. Generally, the covering may be a single or multi-compartment structure capable of at least partially retaining a substance provided therein until the covering is placed at a surgical site. Upon placement, the covering may facilitate transfer of the substance or surrounding materials. For example, the substance may be released (actively or passively) to the surgical site. The covering may participate in, control, or otherwise adjust, the release of the substance.
A method is provided to treat skin to restore barrier homeostasis and to promote normal stratum corneum function by applying to the skin a liquid composition which forms a phase inversion membrane. The amount of solids in the liquid composition is varied so as to provide a desired degree of porosity to the resulting membrane.
A method of determining an amount of skin agent transferred from an absorbent article to an area of human skin is provided. An absorbent article is applied to and then after use removed from an area of skin. Tape is then releasably attached to and removed from the area of skin. The amount of skin agent that adheres to the tape is then analyzed to determine the amount of skin agent transferred to the area of skin.
A method for moisturizing the eye in which an amount of aqueous fluid is administered to the eye in an amount below that which causes flooding of the eye and removal of the normal tear film from the surface of the eye. The fluid, when administered in accordance with the invention, rehydrates the already present tear film rather than replacing the tear film. A kit for moisturizing the eye in accordance with the invention is also disclosed.
A container has an impermeable outer membrane sized to fit generally within the peri-orbital region and sufficiently flexible to mold to the structure of the closed eye. Heat which is generated by an exothermic reaction inside the container, which provides steady-state heat to the eyelids. A soft, non-abrasive, lint-free material is presoaked in a pH controlled (preferably antibacterial and hypoallergenic) detergent, with or without an ophthalmic antibiotic solution. The compress may also have a handle which makes holding and maneuvering the compress more feasible, while protecting the user's fingers from the heat, and preventing the contamination of the compress by the fingers. The compress may be packed in a watertight, sterile wrapper which will prevent drying of the detergent solution. Other embodiments are also described and claimed.
Absorbent articles having a liquid permeable topsheet, a liquid impermeable backsheet, and an absorbent core disposed between said topsheet and said backsheet are disclosed. The absorbent articles include a thermoplastic elastomer joined to or disposed in a stretch zone on at least one component or region of the absorbent article to impart an elastic resistance that provides sizing or shaping capabilities to the article. The absorbent article can be in the form of diapers, pull-on diapers, training pants, sanitary napkins, wipes, bibs, incontinence briefs or inserts.
The present invention relates to absorbent articles that include absorbent compositions which exhibit swelling, deswelling, and reswelling behavior. More specifically, absorbent compositions of this invention swell and absorb fluids after exposure to aqueous fluids, deswell and release fluids from the swollen absorbent compositions, and can also reswell and absorb fluids. The swelling-deswelling-reswelling behavior allows enhanced liquid distribution in absorbent composites and absorbent articles.
The present invention relates to absorbent articles that include absorbent compositions which exhibit swelling, deswelling, and reswelling behavior. More specifically, absorbent compositions of this invention swell and absorb fluids after exposure to aqueous fluids, deswell and release fluids from the swollen absorbent compositions, and can also reswell and absorb fluids. The swelling-deswelling-reswelling behavior allows enhanced liquid distribution in absorbent composites and absorbent articles.
A port closure system for use with a fluid container having fluid ports includes administrative and additive port closure assemblies. The administrative assembly receives a piercing pin and includes an administrative housing which seals closed one fluid port. A sleeve extends from an interior surface past a base surface in the administrative housing. The sleeve has an upper portion and a lower portion, of differing diameters. A cap assembly mates with the administrative housing, sealing the interior surface of the administrative housing. A removable cap provides access to the interior surface. The additive assembly receives a needle and includes a reseal housing which seals closed another fluid port. Another cap assembly mates with the reseal housing, sealing an interior face of the reseal housing. Another removable cap provides access to the interior face. A reseal element is mechanically retained between the reseal housing and cap assembly.
An apparatus and method for removing an object from a tubular vessel are disclosed. The apparatus includes an expandable catheter and a plurality of wires configured to snare an object within a tubular vessel. A distal end of the expandable catheter may be manipulable between a first configuration wherein an opening thereon has a first diameter, and a second configuration wherein the opening has a second diameter which is larger than the first diameter. The apparatus may further include an inner catheter within its lumen, the inner catheter being extendable from the expandable catheter's lumen. The apparatus may additionally or alternatively include an outer catheter having a lumen from which the expandable catheter may be expanded.
In one embodiment, an automatic injector comprises a cartridge adapted to contain a charge of medicament, a seal structure disposed toward a forward end of the cartridge, a plunger normally disposed in a generally rearward end of the cartridge and movable through the cartridge toward a generally forward end thereof in response to an actuating procedure. The movable plunger rearwardly confines the medicament within the cartridge. A needle normally disposed in communication with the medicament container provides a passage in which the medicament is released into an individual's flesh in response to an actuating procedure projecting the needle into the flesh of the individual. The cartridge having an increased friction region so as to slow the motion of the plunger when the forward end of the needle travels through the seal in order to eliminate coring.
In various embodiments, a needle is employed in refilling drug-delivery devices.
A catheter for blood removal that is to be provided in the coronary sinus via the inferior vena cava to remove the blood in the coronary sinus from the body wherein: the catheter for blood removal has a straight back end shaft, a curved front end shaft connected in the front end side of the back end shaft, a hub connected in the back end side of the back end shaft and a blood removal lumen extending from the back end of the catheter for blood removal to the front end thereof; the front end shaft comprises a first straight part, a first curve part following the first straight part, a second curve part following the first curve part, a second straight part following the second curve part, a third curve part following the second straight part and a third curve part following the third straight part.
The present invention generally relates to an articulating structure for use as at least part of a medical device. In one aspect, the invention features an articulating structure comprising an inner member, a sleeve, a pull wire, and an outer member. The inner member defines at least one channel on the outer surface of the inner member, the at least one channel extending along a length of the inner member. The inner member further defines at least one lumen extending through the inner member. The sleeve is disposed in the at least one channel. The pull wire extends within a lumen of the sleeve. The outer member is disposed over the inner member and defines a lumen through which the inner member extends.
A medical device including: a cannula, a first tube joined to the cannula; a second tube joined to the cannula; and a unitary fastener secured to the first tube, cannula and second tube, the fastener being subject to opposing forces from the first and second tubes.
Visceral fat may be removed from a subject using a cannula that has an interior cavity and an orifice configured to permit material to enter the cavity. This is accomplished by generating a negative pressure in the cavity so that a portion of the tissue is drawn into the orifice. Fluid is then delivered in pulses, via a conduit, so that the fluid exits the conduit within the cavity and impinges against the portion of the tissue that was drawn into the orifice. The fluid is delivered at a pressure and temperature that causes the visceral fat to soften, liquefy, or gellify, without damaging the subject's internal organs that are in the vicinity of the visceral fat. The visceral fat that has been softened, liquefied, or gellified is then suctioned away.
A reduced pressure treatment appliance is provided for enclosing and providing reduced pressure treatment to a portion of a body of a patient. The reduced pressure treatment appliance may be used to treat wounds and other conditions, such as lymphedema, varicose veins, venous insufficiency and stasis, and other infirmities. In some embodiments, the appliance comprises an enclosure that encloses the portion of the body to be treated for purposes of applying a reduced pressure to the enclosed portion of the body. In other embodiments, the wound treatment appliance also includes a vacuum system to supply reduced pressure to the portion of the body to be treated in the volume under the enclosure. In yet other embodiments, the treatment appliance also includes wound packing means to prevent overgrowth of the wound or to encourage growth of wound tissue into an absorbable matrix comprising the wound packing means. In still other embodiments, a suction bulb may be used to provide a source of reduced pressure to an enclosure that encloses the portion of the body to be treated. Finally, methods are provided for using various embodiments of the treatment appliance.
A surface wearable or implanted medical device suitable for delivering therapeutic agents to the body as well as monitoring and analyzing analytes in bodily fluids. The device utilizes a photovoltaic cell or miniature solar panel as an energy source in conjunction with microtubules or membranes, a therapeutic agent or analyte reservoir, an adhering structure, and a means of regulating and monitoring the agents and analytes. The device is adhered to the tissue of the recipient and by controlling the polarity of the current between the tissue and reservoir the flow of agents into the body can be controlled and regulated, just as the rate of removal of analytes from the body can also be regulated. This regulating, analyzing, and monitoring can be controlled by the absence or presence of light or may involve a computerized system that utilizes a transmitter and receiver or visual display system.
A surgical tool for use as an ablation device in a surgical operation including: an ablation module output configured to ablate a volume of material at a surgical site to form an ablated volume; a control module arranged to receive information indicative of the position of the surgical site; and a fluid output adapted to deliver fluid to the surgical site during a surgical operation such that at least part of the ablated volume is filled with fluid and the fluid is in direct contact with at least part of the surgical site. The control module is operable to control the flow rate of fluid delivered by the fluid output in response to the received information in order to control the position of the surgical site.
An improved procedure for performing liposuction is obtained by utilizing a needle that includes a laser source conductor with one end of the needle being configured for insertion into a target adipose skin volume and the other end being coupled to a laser source. The needle may include one or more channels for extracting the treated adipose area. A vacuum source can be used in the extraction of the treated adipose. Further, the first end of the needle may include a cap or end-piece that reduces the build up of carbon deposits. A temperature sensor may be used as input to adjust the laser power and prevent over exposure.
Systems and methods for delivering cryosurgical treatment. The cryosurgery system comprises a cryogen delivery apparatus configured to deliver a spray of cryogen to target tissue of a patient and an indirect visualization apparatus configured to provide indirect visualization of the target tissue during the cryogen delivery. The indirect visualization apparatus and the cryogen delivery apparatus are constructed and arranged to be operationally unintegrated and physically spaced with respect to each other during the delivery of the cryogen.
The present invention relates to methods for treating tissue in the thoracic cavity of a subject by the application of a cryogen, or using the cryogen to create an isotherm in proximity to the tissue to be treated. A wide variety of conditions may be treated using the methods of the invention including asthma, neoplastic disease and a variety of conditions characterized by inflammation in lung and chest tissue.
An ablating device has a cover which holds an interface material such as a gel. The cover contains the interface material during initial placement of the device. The ablating device may also have a removable tip or a membrane filled with fluid. In still another aspect, the ablating device may be submerged in liquid during operation. 
The present invention is directed to a method and system for less invasive surgical procedures on animals. In accordance with various embodiments, electromagnetic energy is applied in a controlled application and projected into the tissue of an animal. The controlled application of the electromagnetic energy heats the targeted tissue causing cell necrosis, collagen shrinkage or scar tissue production, often without requiring a surgical incision.
Ceramic precursor compositions and chemically bonded ceramic (CBC) materials, especially Ca-based, and a composite biomaterial suitable for orthopaedic applications. The CBC-system includes a binding phase (chemical cement) and additional phases with specified chemistry imparting to the biomaterial the ability of initial strength followed by interaction with the body tissue including body liquid, to form a resorbable or partly resorbable biomaterial. The ceramic precursor composition includes at least one silicate with Ca as the main cation with a resorption rate less or equal to that of the bone in-growth rate. The silicate will form the binding phase of the cured material. Implants and surface coated devices are also disclosed. The cured material exhibits a compressive strength exceeding 100 MPa.
An osteogenesis distraction device for securement to separate bone segments in the body of a patient and operative to generate new bone between said bone segments by the gradual application of a distraction force, the device comprising attachment members securable to separate bone segments and moveable in relation to each other to generate a distraction force, a power source for powering relative movement of the attachment members, and wherein the entire device, including the attachment members and power source, is dimensioned for implantation entirely subdermally in the body of a patient.
A generic bone implant, or set of standardized implants, is created based on using a guide device to develop an axis normal to an articular surface of bone and collecting only one or two data points. A generic cutting tool is used to cut the bone to a point where a generic implant can be used. Several improved tools relating to the procedure for using such an implant, as well as methods for using implants consistent with the invention are further described, including: single-axis and biaxial drill guide tools and methods, generic single-axis implant methods and devices, generic biaxial implant methods and devices, tools and methods for holding or delivering an implant, removal or revision tools and methods, digital measuring systems and methods, and set of measuring gauges for determining the appropriate implant dimensions.
A catheter handle assembly for delivering stent includes a proximal handle attached to an axially elongated inner member with a distal tip and an intermediate handle attached to an axially elongated intermediate tube with a stent basket at its end. The intermediate tube overlies at least a portion of the inner member. A distal handle is attached to an axially elongated external member overlying at least a portion of the intermediate tube are disclosed.
A surgical system performs a surgical procedure on a patient with manipulators and an endoscope. The surgical system has a display unit for simultaneously displaying a plurality of items of information including an endoscopic image captured by the endoscope, and a wireless image processor for transmitting information to the display unit and processing the plurality of items of information to be displayed by the display unit. The information about the endoscopic image is transmitted from the endoscope to the wireless image processor through a link including at least a portion based on wireless communications.
A surgical tool support device includes an arm. The arm includes a flexible tubular main body; and a plurality of beads contained within the tubular main body. In a first configuration, a fluid at least partially surrounds the plurality of beads. In a second configuration, at least some of the fluid is evacuated such that the rigidity of the arm is increased.
In one embodiment, a force sensor apparatus is provided including a tube portion having a plurality of radial ribs and at least one fiber optic strain gauge positioned over each rib of the plurality of radial ribs. The strain gauges are comprised of a negative thermo-optic coefficient optical fiber material in one embodiment. A proximal end of the tube portion is operably couplable to a shaft of a surgical instrument that is operably couplable to a manipulator arm of a robotic surgical system, and a distal end of the tube portion is proximally couplable to a wrist joint coupled to an end effector. In another embodiment, adjacent fiber optic strain gauges with differing thermal responses are used to solve simultaneous equations in strain and temperature to derive strain while rejecting thermal effects. In yet another embodiment, a thermal shunt shell is over an outer surface of the tube portion. An advantageous surgical instrument having improved temperature compensation is also provided.
A synthetic representation of a tool for display on a user interface of a robotic system. The synthetic representation may be used to show force on the tool, an actual position of the tool, or to show the location of the tool when out of a field of view. A three-dimensional pointer is also provided for a viewer in the surgeon console of a telesurgical system.
A synthetic representation of a robot tool for display on a user interface of a robotic system. The synthetic representation may be used to show the position of a view volume of an image capture device with respect to the robot. The synthetic representation may also be used to find a tool that is outside of the field of view, to display range of motion limits for a tool, to remotely communicate information about the robot, and to detect collisions.
An apparatus enables concurrent restoration of a gastroesophageal valve and tightening of the lower esophageal sphincter. The apparatus comprises a longitudinal member having a distal end arranged to be received within a stomach, a tissue shaper at the distal end of the longitudinal member that forms a gastroesophageal valve from stomach tissue, and a tissue gatherer that gathers fundus tissue at or aboral to the gastroesophageal junction to reduce an esophageal opening into the stomach and tighten the lower esophageal sphincter. A fastener deployer then deploys at least one fastener pair to maintain both the restored gastroesophageal valve and the tightened lower esophageal sphincter.
A device for repairing a hernia defect in a patient, the device having a biocompatible mesh material having a treated surface and a tissue composition coated on at least a portion of the treated surface, where the tissue composition originates from the patient. A method of preparing a surgical mesh for repairing a hernia defect, comprises placing a tissue specimen into a container, centrifuging the container to separate the specimen into at least two fractions, then drawing a selected fraction from the container, treating a surface of a biocompatible mesh and coating the surface-treated biocompatible mesh with the selected fraction.
Among other things, apparatus and methods for reattaching soft tissue to bone are disclosed. In one embodiment, a monolithic anchor having a head flexibly attached to a stem including ridges or grooves is provided. A locking member may be placed over the stem, which has one or more pawls to engage the ridges or grooves to inhibit the locking member from coming off of the stem. A tube may be provided for access to the surgical location. With the tube placed through soft tissue and cortical bone or other access, the anchor with the head pivoted to be parallel with or along the stem may be placed through holes in the soft tissue and cortical bone. The head is turned transverse to the stem, preventing the head from passing back through the cortical bone. The locking member is placed over the stem to hold the soft tissue to the bone.
A mesh to repair a hole in a muscle wall includes a resilient mesh body and fortifying structure such as mesh portions of thicker weave than other portions, or strengthening members that can be engaged with the mesh and then removed from the mesh once the mesh is place over the hole. The same principles can be applied to a plug that is engaged with the mesh for filling the hole.
Described here are devices and methods for intussuscepting a portion of stomach tissue. Typically the intussusception is created at a position near, but distal to the gastroesophageal junction, and a pouch capable of storing a volume (from about 0 cc up to about 100 cc) is created proximal the intussuscepted tissue. In this way, the amount of food that may be ingested is reduced, helping to ameliorate GERD symptoms, and aiding in weight loss efforts. Some of the devices described here include an expandable member and at least one suction inlet. In these devices, the expandable member is expanded to create a proximal cavity into which the stomach tissue is pulled (e.g., using suction), thereby creating the intussusception.
An implant for the prevention or treatment of a hernia in the proximity of an organ stoma formed in an abdominal wall includes a porous structure having a surface intended to face the abdominal cavity covered by a first film of anti-adhesive material. The porous structure includes a first part intended to be in contact with a stoma organ and having a first thickness, and a second part having a second thickness greater than the first thickness, the first part including a surface intended to face the abdominal wall covered by a second film of anti-adhesive material.
Methods and devices for effecting a gastric restriction system are disclosed. In one exemplary embodiment, a restriction system for forming a restriction in a patient is provided and can include an implantable restriction device and at least one implantable sensor that is in communication with the restriction device. In general, the implantable restriction device can be adjustable and can be configured to form a restriction in a patient. The implantable sensor(s) can be defaulted to a dormant power usage mode and can have a triggering mechanism that is configured to place the sensor(s) in a use configuration upon the occurrence of a triggering event.
Disclosed is a swallowable self-expanding gastric space occupying device and related methods of making and using the device to control obesity. The device has a membrane through which gastric liquid can pass, wherein the membrane provides an enclosure volume separated from the gastric environment by the membrane. A plurality of self-expanding components is contained in the enclosure volume, so that the components expand in volume upon contact with the gastric fluid, thereby expanding the device from an unexpanded volume to an expanded volume. Composite membranes provide the ability to precisely control how and when the membrane degrades in the stomach, to release the self-expanding components from the enclosure and to ensure that the released pieces are sufficiently small to not obstruct any portion of the gastrointestinal system.
A system and method for deploying an occluding device that can be used to remodel an aneurysm within the vessel by, for example, neck reconstruction or balloon remodeling. The system comprises an introducer sheath and an assembly for carrying the occluding device. The assembly includes an elongated flexible member having an occluding device retaining member for receiving a first end of the occluding device, a proximally positioned retaining member for engaging a second end of the occluding device and a support surrounding a portion of the elongated flexible member over which the occluding device can be positioned.
A cutting balloon catheter and method of using the same. The cutting balloon catheter may include a catheter shaft having a balloon coupled thereto. One or more cutting members or blades may be coupled to the balloon. The balloon may include one or more discrete points or areas of flexibility to enhance flexibility of the cutting balloon catheter. A break in the one or more cutting members may be aligned with the one or more discrete points of flexibility in the balloon.
A scalpel handle includes a sliding shield to block the blade tip or surround the blade when the scalpel is not in use. The shield is advantageously slidable from an extended position to a withdrawn position, wherein the shield is substantially within the handle. Consequently, the user's hand grasps only onto the handle, and not the shield. This helps to provide a more solid feel, similar to a conventional scalpel handle. When in the withdrawn position, the shield avoids interfering with cutting or puncturing blade movements.
The present invention provides devices and methods for associating an implantable sling with a delivery device for delivering the sling to an anatomical location in a patient.
An improvement on the extra-amniotic balloon and technique of placement is disclosed. It involves a large capacity balloon, modified to efficiently place pressure on the cervix, and markers for ease and of placement. The malleable introducing stylet allows for safe and easy insertion, either manually or visually, through a cervix that is 0.5 cm or more in dilation. The optional traction collar can aid in more efficiently placing pressure on the cervix. The automatic pump for instillation of the fluid has a forward and reverse mode to allow for deflation and repositioning of the balloon if placement is less than optimal. This process can be performed by a physician or a nurse, already certified in the placement of fetal scalp electrodes or intrauterine pressure catheters. Additionally, the procedure can be performed by one person.
Retrievable vena cava filters for filtering blood clots within a vessel are disclosed. A retrievable vena cava filter in accordance with an exemplary embodiment of the present invention may include a plurality of elongated filter legs each having a hook portion configured to engage the vessel wall, and an expandable member releasably connected to the filter. In certain embodiments, the expandable member may comprise a bendable member and several tubular members, or a coiled wire.
There are disclosed methods of vein closure. In an embodiment, a method includes elevating a leg of a patient during a vein closure procedure so as to effect substantial emptying of the vein. The method also includes applying radio-frequency energy to a vein within the leg of the patient to cause the vein closure. In another embodiment, a method includes elevating a leg of a patient during a vein closure procedure within a range of about 30 degrees to about 45 degrees from a horizontal position. The method also includes applying radio-frequency energy to a vein within the leg of the patient. In one embodiment, a method includes elevating a leg, and emptying of a segment of the vein prior to applying radio-frequency energy. In another embodiment, the method includes elevating a leg of a patient, and applying energy to a vein. Other embodiments are also disclosed.
A fenestrated suture anchor for fixation of tissue to bone. In a preferred embodiment, the suture includes an implant, such a swivel implant with a forked tip for capturing suture. The implant is secured in a hole in bone by advancing a fixation device, such as a cannulated interference screw, to engage and fully seat the implant. The cannulated fixation device is provided with a plurality of openings or fenestrations of various dimensions and geometries to provide multiple pathways through the anchor (i.e., though the interior of the body and through the fenestrations) to allow blood to flow to increase the healing zone, for example, for rotator cuff repair, while also promoting bone in-growth.
An infant chew toy apparatus includes an elongate handle and a flange or other lateral member disposed on the handle. The flange extends laterally from the handle. A protrusion is disposed on the flange. The protrusion may comprise a nipple, and may be oriented directionally opposite of and parallel to the handle. The flange may be disposed on an end of the handle, with another flange disposed on the opposite handle end. The apparatus is designed to make it convenient for infants to grip, chew, and pick up the apparatus, and portions of it may be constructed of suitably durable plastic or other material for teething purposes, with other portions constructed of softer material.
Apparatus, systems and methods for decompression and dynamic stabilization of the vertebrae. A flexion construct is formed from a medial loop of a cylindrical member in a first plane that is generally parallel to the long axis of the member, and two outlying loops, generally residing in a common second plane that is generally parallel to the long axis of the member and generally perpendicular to the first plane formed by the medial loop. The medial loop and outlying loops of the flexion construct may aid in controlling distraction, compression and flexion of the assembly. Multiple level constructs may include multiple sets of loops, one set for each spinal level. The member may also include two legs that terminate in hooks or include a straight portion for attachment by another attachment means. A protective sleeve may be used between the member and any attachment means.
A bone plating system has a plate and a locking element. The plate has a bone screw aperture defined by a sidewall including first and second substantially planar segments. The locking element is coupled to the plate and at least partially positioned in the aperture. The locking element has an external geometry defining first and second substantially planar surfaces and an internal geometry for receiving a head of a bone fastener and preventing the bone fastener from backing out of the plate. The locking element is expandable from a first state to a second state. In the first state the locking element is permitted to articulate relative to the plate. In the second state the first and second substantially planar surfaces of the locking element engage the first and second substantially planar segments of the aperture sidewall, respectively, to prevent relative movement between the locking element and the plate.
A bone plating system includes a plate member and a first bone screw. The plate member defines a longitudinal axis and has a top surface and a bottom surface. The plate member further defines an elongated hole extending between the top surface and the bottom surface with a width in a direction generally perpendicular to the elongated axis and a length with a greater dimension in a direction generally parallel to the elongated axis. The elongated hole is defined by a sidewall having a spherical cross section in the direction generally perpendicular to the elongated axis. The sidewall has a threading. The first bone screw has a threaded and spherical head for threadably engaging the elongated hole. The threading extends completely around the sidewall of the elongated hole such that the first bone screw may threadably engage the elongated hole anywhere along the length.
A facet screw system for surgical implantation into bone tissue having a shaft, a compression member and a washer. The shaft includes a shaft having a bone engaging portion and a compression member engaging portion. The compression member includes a spherical head portion having a recess for engaging with a driving instrument, and an elongated coupling portion having internal threads for coupling with the compression member engaging portion of the shaft and a washer coupled to the spherical head portion of the compression member and having a plurality of bone engaging protrusions. The washer is adapted to be polyaxially rotatable with respect to the compression member.
The invention is a bone screw apparatus. The bone screw apparatus has two specialized functions for stabilizing the screw within a bone. The first is a mechanical structure that anchors the screw within a bone and the second is a structure that allows injection of bone cement through the screw assembly and into the interior structure of the bone. The anchoring mechanism functions by an expandable member that slides concentrically over the shaft of the screw. When the expandable member is forced over a portion of the screw shaft with an enlarged diameter, the expandable member extends radially from the screw shaft, and the bone screw is anchored to the interior structure of the bone. The injecting function of the bone screw apparatus functions through the use of a hollow core within the screw shaft. The hollow core of the screw shaft has an inlet at the top of the shaft and at least one outlet near the tip of the screw shaft. Once the screw shaft is inserted into the interior structure of a bone, bone cement may be injected into the inlet at the top of the screw shaft. The bone cement travels through the hollow core of the screw shaft and is extruded out the holes near the tip of the screw shaft. The bone cement fills the void spaces within the bone structure and strengthens the bone.
Methods and devices for locking a fastener in a thru-bore are provided herein. In one exemplary embodiment, a spinal anchor is provided that includes a bone engaging fastener, an anti-backout mechanism, and a locking mechanism. The anti-backout mechanism can be movable between a retracted position in which it is disposed within the fastener and a deployed position in which is extends from the bone engaging fastener. The locking mechanism can be matable to the bone engaging fastener and can be configured to move the anti-backout mechanism from the retracted position to the deployed position. In the deployed position, the anti-backout mechanism can prevent the bone engaging fastener from backing out of a thru-bore in a spinal plate.
Systems and techniques for improving the fixation of implantable pulse generators. In one aspect, a device includes an implantable pulse generator that comprises electrical circuitry configured to generate an electrical pulse and a biocompatible casing that houses the electrical circuitry and on which a collection of electrodes and a collection of fixation elements are mounted. The electrodes are in electrical contact with the electrical circuitry and the fixation elements increase the surface area of the biocompatible casing to reduce the likelihood that the biocompatible casing shifts after implantation;
Therapy delivery to a patient may be controlled based on a determined sleep stage of the patient. In examples, the sleep stage may be determined based on a frequency characteristic of a biosignal indicative of brain activity of the patient. A frequency characteristic may include, for example, a power level within one or more frequency bands of the biosignal, a ratio of the power level in two or more frequency bands, or a pattern in the power level of one or more frequency bands over time. A therapy program may be selected or modified based on the sleep stage determination. Therapy may be delivered during the sleep stage according to the selected or modified therapy program. In some examples, therapy delivery may be controlled after making separate determinations of a sleep stage based on the biosignal and another physiological parameter, and confirming that the sleep stage determinations are consistent.
Methods and systems of treating a patient with pancreatitis pain include providing a stimulator, configuring one or more stimulation parameters to control sphincter of Oddi function, programming the stimulator with the one or more stimulation parameters, generating a stimulus configured to control sphincter of Oddi function with the stimulator in accordance with the one or more stimulation parameters, and applying the stimulus with the stimulator to one or more stimulation sites in accordance with the one or more stimulation parameters.
Methods and systems of treating a patient with pancreatitis pain include providing a stimulator, configuring one or more stimulation parameters to treat pancreatitis pain, programming the stimulator with the one or more stimulation parameters, generating a stimulus configured to treat pancreatitis pain with the stimulator in accordance with the one or more stimulation parameters, and applying the stimulus with the stimulator to one or more stimulation sites in accordance with the one or more stimulation parameters.
This document discusses, among other things, an apparatus comprising at least one implantable cardiac depolarization sensing circuit, an electrical stimulation circuit, and a pacing mode controller. The implantable cardiac depolarization sensing circuit is configured to obtain a sensed depolarization signal from a ventricle and the electrical stimulation circuit is configured to provide pacing electrical stimulation energy to at least one implantable ventricular electrode. The pacing mode controller delivers pacing therapy according to a first pacing mode that is a normal operating mode, and delivers pacing therapy according to second and third pacing modes. The second and third pacing modes increase mechanical stress on at least a particular portion of the ventricle as compared to the pacing therapy delivered during the first pacing mode. The pacing mode controller alternates between the second and third pacing modes when switched from the normal operating mode to a stress augmentation mode.
An implantable cardiac rhythm management (CRM) device includes a sensing and detection circuit that senses at least one cardiac signal and detects cardiac electrical events from the sensed cardiac signal using a detection threshold that is adjusted based on a dynamic noise estimation. The sensed cardiac signal is filtered to produce a filtered cardiac signal having a signal frequency band and a noise signal having a noise frequency band. The noise frequency band is substantially different from the signal frequency band. A dynamic noise floor is produced based on the noise signal and used as the minimum value for the detection threshold. A cardiac electrical is detected when the amplitude of the filtered cardiac signal exceeds the detection threshold.
We disclose a method of treating a medical condition in a patient using an implantable medical device including coupling at least a first electrode and a second electrode to a cranial nerve of the patient, providing a programmable electrical signal generator coupled to the first electrode and the second electrode, generating a first electrical signal with the electrical signal generator, applying the first electrical signal to the electrodes, wherein the first electrode is a cathode and the second electrode is an anode, reversing the polarity of the first electrode and the second electrode, yielding a configuration wherein the first electrode is an anode and the second electrode is a cathode, generating a second electrical signal with the electrical signal generator, applying the second electrical signal to the electrodes, reversing the polarity of the first electrode and the second electrode, yielding a configuration wherein the first electrode is a cathode and the second electrode is an anode, generating a third electrical signal with the electrical signal generator, and applying the third electrical signal to the electrodes. Each of the electrical signals can independently contain one or more pulses or one or more bursts. The number of pulses need not be equal between any two of the electrical signals.
A neurostimulation kit and a method of treating a patient are provided. The kit comprises a stimulation backing that includes a flat, electrically insulative, body having a pair of opposing first and second planar surfaces, and an electrode affixed to the first surface of the insulative body. The stimulation backing is implanted within a patient and affixed therein to place the electrode into contact with a tissue surface. The kit comprises a neurostimulator including a housing and stimulation circuitry contained within the housing. The neurostimulator is implanted within the patient by affixing the housing to the second surface of the insulative body, such that the stimulation circuitry is electrically coupled to the electrode.
This patent relates to a device for and method of stimulating the carotid sinus baroreceptors to achieve a restoration or resetting of baroreflex response and natural blood pressure modulation. The stimulation may consist of low amplitude, wide bandwidth signals that produce a stochastic resonance effect. The ultimate affect is blood pressure modulation within a reduced range including establishment of thresholds at which baroreceptors trigger normal central nervous system functions.
We disclose a method, apparatus, and system of treating a medical condition in a patient using an implantable medical device. A first electrode is coupled to a first portion of a cranial nerve of the patient. A second electrode is coupled to a second portion of the cranial nerve of the patient. A first electrical signal is provided to the first and second electrodes. The first electrical signal is provided in a first polarity configuration in which the first electrode functions as an anode and the second electrode functions as a cathode. Upon termination of the first electrical signal, the anode and cathode each comprise a first accumulated energy. A second electrical signal is provided to the first and second electrodes, in which the second electrical signal includes at least a portion of the first accumulated energy.
Methods for treating seizures caused by brain stimulation include providing a stimulator, programming the stimulator with one or more stimulation parameters configured to treat a medical condition, applying at least one stimulus with the stimulator to a stimulation site within the brain of a patient in accordance with the one or more stimulation parameters, and monitoring the patient for a seizure caused by the at least one stimulus.
An electrode device and a method of installing the electrode device in the vicinity of the brain. The electrode device includes a plurality of electrode assemblies, each with at least one electrode lead, extending from a common base. The base is configured to be positioned on an outside of the patient's cranium with each electrode assembly projecting individually through a hole in the patient's cranium such that the electrode lead is in the vicinity of the brain. The method of installation includes carving a recess out of the patient's cranium and inserting the base therein. Each of the electrode assemblies are placed in their respective holes in order to stimulate, monitor or record neurological activity. The electrode device may be used over long periods of time for chronic treatment or recording.
Methods and systems of treating a patient with ischemia pain include providing a stimulator, configuring one or more stimulation parameters to treat ischemia pain in a visceral organ, programming the stimulator with the one or more stimulation parameters, generating a stimulus configured to treat ischemia pain with the stimulator in accordance with the one or more stimulation parameters, and applying the stimulus with the stimulator to one or more stimulation sites in accordance with the one or more stimulation parameters.
An apparatus and method for enabling far-field radio-frequency communications with an implantable medical device in which an antenna is embedded within a dielectric compartment of the device. A helical antenna may be employed to save space while still permitting far-field telemetry over a desired range of frequencies.
Systems and techniques for thermal management of implantable medical devices. In one aspect an implantable device includes an active component configured to perform medical activities, a charging component configured to convert energy from outside a body in which the implantable device is implanted into potential energy, and a thermal barrier between the charging component and the active portion. The thermal barrier thermally isolates the charging component from the active portion so that thermal resistance between the charging component and the active component is above the thermal resistance between the charging component and the body.
A medical device lead is presented. One embodiment of the claimed invention includes a lead body, a conductor, and a flexible component. The lead body includes a proximal end and a distal end. The conductor is coupled to the lead body. A sleeve is coupled to the distal end of the lead body. The flexible component is coupled to the distal end of the sleeve. The distal end of the flexible component includes an outer diameter that is greater than the outer diameter of the proximal end.
A medical electrical lead includes a conductor having at least one layer of a parylene coating formed from a polyxylylene based polymer. The conductor can be a cable or a coiled conductor including one or more individual conductive filaments. The parylene coating may be provided over the individual conductive filaments or provided over an outer periphery of the conductor formed from the individual conductive filaments. Additionally, the parylene coating can be provided in more than one location. Lead bodies having reduced outer diameters without compromising the desired physical properties of a medical electrical lead may be constructed.
A header assembly for connecting a conductor terminating at a body organ with an implantable medical device is described. The header assembly comprises a base plate, a feedthrough subassembly disposed in the base plate and comprising a ceramic-to-metal seal with first and second feedthrough wires passing through the ceramic-to-metal seal; a first electrically conductive terminal connected to a distal end of the first feedthrough wire and having a first lead opening sized to receive a first portion of a lead for the conductor; a second electrically conductive terminal connected to a distal end of the second feedthrough wire and having a second lead opening sized to receive a second portion of the lead for the conductor; a body of polymeric material molded in a two-part construction to encase the conductive terminals and their feedthrough wires except for a first bore communicating from outside the polymeric body to the first and second lead openings aligned in a first co-axial relationship. Preferably, the polymeric body comprises a first polymeric material such as Techothane or Polysulfone encasing the terminals except the bore and an epoxy as a second polymeric material molded over the first polymeric material.
Methods, systems and tools for implanting long-term active therapeutic medical devices referred to as intravascular implantable devices (IID) within a patient's vasculature are disclosed. In one embodiment, the implantation techniques and instruments of the present invention are adapted for implanting an IID having only a single anchoring arrangement positioned proximate a distal portion of the device for anchoring within a vessel located superior to the heart, i.e. above the heart in a direction toward the head of a patient. Other embodiments of the invention include various methods and tools for delivering and implanting an IID, delivering and securing an anchor, and delivering and implanting one or more leads.
An intravascular medical electrical lead includes a conformal coating including at least one layer formed from a poly-p-xylylene polymer. The coating is lubricious and provides an effective barrier against moisture and gases preventing degradation of the lead body material preventing corrosion of the conductor.
An implantable medical device that includes an elongated body having a proximal end and a distal end, a helical fixation member extending from the distal end of the elongated body, the helical fixation member including a distal tip for affixing the distal end of the elongated body at an implant site, and a tracking member extending from the distal end of the elongated body, through the helical fixation member and outward from the distal tip of the helical fixation member for tracking along an implant pathway during implantation of the implantable medical device.
A system for treating a vascular condition comprises a therapeutic agent eluting stent having a layered coating on the stent framework. The coating releases therapeutically effective amounts of one or more therapeutic agents in and ordered sequence and over a selected time period. Another embodiment of the invention includes a method of treating a vascular condition by placing a stent having a layered coating at a treatment site and delivering a therapeutically effective amount of one or more therapeutic agents at the treatment site in an ordered sequence and over a selected time period.
Medical systems and related methods are disclosed. In some embodiments, the medical systems include an inner tubular member defining an aperture and an outer tubular member at least partially surrounding the inner tubular member. The inner and outer tubular members can be arranged such that an implantable medical endoprosthesis can be disposed therebetween.
A delivery system for delivering a stented prosthetic heart valve to a lumen of a patient, the delivery system including a tubular body having a proximal end and a distal end, and a plurality of wires extending from the distal end of the tubular body, wherein each of the wires has a distal end that is coiled for engagement with a stent of a stented prosthetic heart valve.
A delivery system for delivery of an implantable stented device to a body lumen, the device having a plurality of structures at its proximal end, wherein the delivery system comprises a first body portion removably attached to a second body portion and wherein the second body portion includes a plurality of attachment components at its distal end for attachment to the plurality of structures at the proximal end of the device.
An endoprosthesis furnished with an armature made of metal wires visible in X-ray medical imaging in which the armature is formed of at least two layers of wires, the wires forming the armature comprising a core made of a radio-opaque material, the interaction between the cores of the wires of the various layers improving the visibility of the said endoprosthesis in X-ray medical imaging.
A biodegradable double stent is used for various organs such as a biliary tract, an esophagus, an airway and a ureter. A biodegradable stent having a hollow cylindrical body woven out of a separate wire made of biodegradable polymer so as to have a plurality of rhombic spaces is fixed to an intermediate portion of a primary stent having a cylindrical body. When administered into the organ, the biodegradable stent has its original function of expanding the organ, and is firmly supported in the inner wall of a narrowed passage of the organ by pressurizing the inner wall of the narrowed passage of the organ. After a predetermined time period has elapsed, the biodegradable stent is gradually degraded away by bodily fluids, thereby enabling the primary stent to be easily removed from the organ.
The invention is directed to an expandable stent for implanting in a body lumen, such as a coronary artery, peripheral artery, or other body lumen. The invention provides for an intravascular stent having a plurality of cylindrical rings connected by undulating links. The stent has a high degree of flexibility in the longitudinal direction, yet has adequate vessel wall coverage and radial strength sufficient to hold open an artery or other body lumen. The stent can be compressed or crimped onto a catheter to a very low profile since the peaks that are adjacent the curved portion of the undulating link are shorter than other peaks in the same cylindrical ring to prevent overlap yet still achieve a very low profile, tightly crimped stent onto a catheter.
An expandable stent comprising a proximal end and a distal end in communication with one another and a tubular wall disposed between the proximal end and the distal end. The tubular wall has a longitudinal axis and a porous surface defined by a plurality of intersecting members comprising a series of longitudinal struts disposed substantially parallel to the longitudinal axis of the stent. Each longitudinal strut in the series comprises flexure means for substantially complementary extension and compression of a diametrically opposed pair of the longitudinal struts upon flexure of the stent. The stent is expandable from a first, contracted position to a second, expanded position upon the application of a radially outward force on the stent. The provision of such flexure means in the series of longitudinal struts leads to a very desirable balance of lateral flexibility of the unexpanded stent and radial rigidity of the expanded stent.
A replacement prosthetic heart valve for engagement with a structure of an original prosthetic heart valve that includes at least one visually detectable marker. The replacement heart valve includes a stent structure having a generally tubular body portion and at least one visually detectable marker on a portion of the stent structure, and at least two leaflets attached within the interior area of the tubular body portion of the stent structure. At least one visually detectable marker of the stent structure is alignable with at least one visually detectable marker of the original prosthetic heart valve.
Exemplary embodiments of the present invention relate to an implant, e.g., a stent, and in particular to a stent having at least one section made of a material having a particular porous structure.
Described herein are implantable medical devices, such as implantable or intravascular stents, for delivering a therapeutic agent, and methods for making such medical devices. In one embodiment, the medical device comprises a stent having a plurality of struts, at least one of which has a cavity disposed therein. A therapeutic agent is delivered from the cavity through and opening in a strut surface. In another embodiment, the medical device is a stent having a coating disposed on the side surface(s) of at least one strut for deliver of a therapeutic agent from the coating.
Disclosed herein is a medical implant including an implant body of which at least a part is comprised of a biodegradable metal, wherein the part comprised of the biodegradable metal has a crystal grain diameter of not more than 10 m.
An implant having a base body comprised entirely or partially of a biocorrodible metallic material and in which at least the parts of the base body comprising the biocorrodible metallic material are covered entirely or partially with a coating which contains or is comprised of the polymer. At least 90% of the total number of polymer units of the polymer comprise polymer units of formula (1) and polymer units of formula (2)
wherein R1 is alkyl, hydroxyalkyl, alkoxyalkyl or cycloalkyl; R2 is a silyl radical that is hydrolyzable in artificial plasma; R3 is hydrogen or methyl, and n+m=10 to 20,000, such that the ratio of n to m is in the range of 1:9 to 9:1.
A surgical implant is made from biocompatible fiber material as a woven textile fabric, in particular in the form of a vascular prosthesis, the woven fabric being so configured that its permeability to blood is so low that the blood impregnates the textile fabric upon implantation and seals it off by coagulating, but does not flow through it.
The invention is directed to two minimally invasive therapeutic procedures, particularly for patients with congestive heart failure, and devices and systems for such procedures. One procedure involves providing a valved passageway through the patient's left ventricular wall at the apex of the patient's heart and advancing instruments through the valved passageway to connect the valve leaflets of the patient's heart valve, e.g. the mitral valve, in a Bow-Tie configuration to prevent or minimize regurgitation through the valve. The second procedure involves advancing a pacing lead and a pacing lead implanting device through a trocar in the patient's chest and implanting the pacing lead on an exposed epicardial region of the patient's heart wall. The pacing lead has a penetrating electrode which is secured within the heart wall. One or both procedures may be performed on a patient with CHF.
Improved devices for these procedures include a minimally invasive grasping device having an inner lumen for advancing connecting members and other instruments through the device to the distal end thereof. Other improved devices include a pacing lead implant instrument which is releasably secured by its distal end to the exposed heart wall to facilitate penetration of the pacing lead electrode into the heart wall. Other improved instruments include a leaflet connector with an artificial cordae tendenae strand secured to an end of the leaflet connector.
A sizing device for measuring a valve annulus, said sizing device comprising: an elongate segment having first and second ends; a first sizer attached to the first end of the elongate segment; and a second sizer attached to the second end of the elongate segment, wherein the first and second sizers have different shapes that correspond to the same size of valve annulus. A method of measuring a valve annulus of a heart. A system for measuring a valve annulus of a heart.
Described is a delivery system for minimally invasive delivery of a self-expandable stent to a body lumen, and particularly delivery of a prosthetic valve to the right ventricular outflow tract. Also described is a method of loading a stent onto such a delivery system, and a method of delivering a self-expandable stent to a desired anatomic site.
Described is a device for sizing a heart valve annulus by a minimally invasive route, the device comprising: a sizing plate having first and second major surfaces, wherein the sizing plate comprises a deformable material such that the sizing plate can deform and fit through the minimally invasive route; and an elongate handle to which the sizing plate is attached. Also described is a similarly deformable device for holding an annuloplasty device. Additionally, methods of using the deformable sizing and holding devices are disclosed.
Described is an adjustable device for sizing a heart valve annulus by a minimally invasive route, the device comprising: a cannula comprising a proximal end, a distal end and an interior lumen; and at least one wire extending through the interior lumen of the cannula, wherein the at least one wire may be advanced or retracted through the lumen and from the distal end of the cannula, such that a segment of the wire may form a plurality of different predetermined shapes of predetermined sizes used to size the heart valve annulus. Additionally, methods of using such adjustable sizing devices are disclosed.
Described is a device for evaluating a heart valve annulus in order to choose a particular annuloplasty device to be attached to the annulus, wherein the annuloplasty device has an inter-trigonal or inter-commissural distance and an anterior-posterior ratio, the device comprising: a valve sizing element having one of a plurality of inter-trigonal or inter-commissural distances and comprising a plurality of indicia on the valve sizing element corresponding to a plurality of anterior-posterior ratios and used to compare to the annulus in order to indicate an anterior-posterior ratio of the annulus. Adjustable devices for evaluating a plurality of anterior-posterior ratios are also described. Also, methods of sizing a patient's heart valve annulus are described.
Described is an adjustable annuloplasty device holder possible of having a plurality of different anterior-posterior ratios, the holder comprising a member having an anterior segment and a posterior segment that are shaped to hold an anterior portion and a posterior portion, respectively, of an annuloplasty device, wherein the anterior segment has a given size and the posterior segment is adjustable in order to change the anterior-posterior ratio of the holder to accommodate annuloplasty devices having a plurality of different anterior-posterior ratios. Also described is a method of using such an adjustable annuloplasty holder device.
A method and apparatus for arthroscopic biceps tenodesis wherein the method involves arthroscopically determining that biceps tenodesis is desirable; arthroscopically separating the long head of the biceps tendon from bone attachment; creating and placing a wedge at the proximal end of the long head of the biceps tendon; and allowing the tendon to slide through the glenohumeral joint and the wedge structure to be wedged in the bicipital groove and wherein the apparatus includes a clamshell type, button wedge having a football shaped body with top and bottom portions hinged at one end and with locking structure at an opposite end to lock the top and bottom portions together, such that staggered ribs on the top portion and bottom portion grip top and bottom surfaces of the long head of the tendon when the top and bottom portions of the button wedge are clamped together.
An orthopedic component having multiple layers that are selected to provide an overall modulus that is substantially lower than the modulus of known orthopedic components to more closely approximate the modulus of the bone into which the orthopedic component is implanted. In one exemplary embodiment, the orthopedic component is an acetabular shell. For example, the acetabular shell may include an outer layer configured for securement to the natural acetabulum of a patient and an inner layer configured to receive an acetabular liner. The head of a femoral prosthesis articulates against the acetabular liner to replicate the function of a natural hip joint. Alternatively, the inner layer of the acetabular shell may act as an integral acetabular liner against which the head of the femoral prosthesis articulates.
In a vertebral body replacement implant having a bottom locating part for positioning against a lower vertebral body and having a top locating part for positioning against an upper vertebral body, wherein both locating parts are telescopically displaceable relative to one another in the manner of a piston-cylinder unit, having a sealed hydraulic chamber formed by the locating parts, having a charging opening leading into the hydraulic chamber for a hydraulic medium, which upon entering the hydraulic chamber pushes the two locating parts apart from one another, and having a locking device, which may be activated by means of an instrument and upon activation fixes the two locating parts non-displaceably relative to one another, in order to facilitate the handling of the vertebral body replacement implant it is proposed that the locking device is disposed on the vertebral body replacement implant in the region of the charging opening. An instrument for handling the vertebral body replacement implant is also proposed.
In a vertebral body replacement implant having a bottom locating part for positioning against a lower vertebral body and having a top locating part for positioning against an upper vertebral body, wherein both locating parts are steplessly displaceable relative to one another along a displacement path so that the height of the vertebral body replacement implant is variable, having a clamping device for fixing the two locating parts in any desired intermediate position along the displacement path, which clamping device comprises a clamping element that is mounted on one locating part so as to be variable in position and can be pressed towards a clamping face on the other locating part, in order to improve the clamping action it is proposed that the clamping face is inclined slightly relative to the displacement path, so that when the locating parts are pushed together the clamping face moves progressively closer to the clamping element.
An intervertebral implant includes a first plate and a second plate that is configured to be moveably engaged with the first plate along an axis of translation. Each plate defines at least one hole or recess for receiving a fastener that is configured to be fastened to a respective vertebrae. In one embodiment, a toothed surface is defined on both the first plate and the second plate. The toothed surface of the first plate is configured for engaging the toothed surface of the second plate such that translation of the second plate with respect to the first plate is limited in a single direction along the axis of translation.
An intervertebral implant includes an upper surface configured for engagement with a first vertebral body, and a lower surface configured for engagement with a second vertebral body. A wall extends between the upper surface and the lower surface, and forms a chamber for containing osteogenic material. At least a portion of the wall is collapsible from a first position associated with a first volume of the chamber to a second position associated with a second volume of the chamber. The second volume is less than the first volume.
An artificial intervertebral disc has upper and lower prosthesis plates disposed about a shock absorbing mobile core. The shock absorbing core includes one or more spring washers or disc springs between rigid upper and lower surfaces of the core to allow the upper and lower surfaces to move resiliently toward and away from each other. This allows the core to absorb forces applied to it by the vertebrae. The components of the shock absorbing core including the disc springs are formed of rigid materials having high durability and biocompatibility.
The present invention comprises an apparatus, system and method utilizing a passive electro-magnetically damped joint for prosthetics or orthotics. Such as system may be controlled through changing the resistive nature of the circuit in which a braking or damping mechanism can sufficiently replicate and augment biomechanical movement. This may be accomplished through electronic circuitry means only, or through the use of intelligent control through a microprocessor and dynamic ambulation replication algorithms.
A substantially cup-shaped prosthetic device for a joint is provided. The prosthetic device includes an outer surface configured to operatively engage at least one of a first bone of the joint and a component, an inner surface including at least a portion configured to connect to a second bone of the joint, and at least one reservoir having an opening at each of the inner surface and the outer surface and extending therebetween.
An implant assembly and associated method for selectively performing reverse and traditional arthroplasty for a shoulder joint that includes a humerus and a glenoid. The implant assembly may include a head, a cup, a humeral stem and an adaptor. The method includes inserting the humeral stem to the humerus and connecting a male taper of the adaptor to a female taper of the head. For reverse arthroplasty, the method includes attaching the adaptor to the glenoid and the cup to the stem. For traditional arthroplasty, the method includes attaching the adaptor to the humeral stem and the cup to the glenoid. The method also includes articulating the head with the cup.
A modular humeral head system includes a housing having an outer surface and an inner surface. A hemispherical socket formed on one end of the inner surface and threads formed on the other end of the inner surface. A cap is attached at the threaded end of the housing. The cap has one or more threaded holes that run from the top surface to bottom surface of the cap. A screw may be inserted in each hole. The modular humeral head system also includes an intermediate piece having a hemispherical head at one end of a tapered shaft. The tapered shaft is inserted in a humeral stem. The hemispherical head and the hemispherical socket form a ball and socket coupling. A trial head may be impacted on the housing. The trial head has one or more holes that are aligned with the screws inserted in the cap.
In use, the assembly of the trial head, cap and housing can be adjusted to be in any angular orientation about hemispherical head. The tightening of the one or more screws fixes the angular position of the trial head. An optimum position for the trial head is established via trial reduction, the one or more screws tightened to fix the position of the head and the trial head is replaced with a humeral head of corresponding size and shape. The maximum adjustment of the angular position may be limited by a limiting mechanism. In another embodiment, bone cement or other bio-compatible material is introduced in a chamber formed between the cap and the hemispherical head.
A modular humeral head system includes a housing having an outer surface and an inner surface. A hemispherical socket formed on one end of the inner surface and threads formed on the other end of the inner surface. A cap is attached at the threaded end of the housing. The cap has one or more threaded holes that run from the top surface to bottom surface of the cap. A screw may be inserted in each hole. The modular humeral head system also includes an intermediate piece having a hemispherical head at one end of a tapered shaft. The tapered shaft is inserted in a humeral stem. The hemispherical head and the hemispherical socket form a ball and socket coupling. A trial head may be impacted on the housing. The trial head has one or more holes that are aligned with the screws inserted in the cap.
In use, the assembly of the trial head, cap and housing can be adjusted to be in any angular orientation about hemispherical head. The tightening of the one or more screws fixes the angular position of the trial head. An optimum position for the trial head is established via trial reduction, the one or more screws tightened to fix the position of the head and the trial head is replaced with a humeral head of corresponding size and shape. The maximum adjustment of the angular position may be limited by a limiting mechanism. In another embodiment, bone cement or other bio-compatible material is introduced in a chamber formed between the cap and the hemispherical head.
A hip joint prosthesis includes connection means for securing the hip joint prosthesis to a securing device and to an artificial leg, and a control unit for controlling an extension movement in the hip joint and for controlling the step length of the artificial leg.
A hand held instrument is provided in one embodiment in a kit for use in positioning a constraining ring of an acetabular liner system and includes a shaft including a first coupling member, and a plurality of heads, each of the plurality of heads including (i) a base configured to couple with the first coupling member and (ii) a pair of resilient gripper arms, each of the pair of resilient gripper arms defining a constraining ring reception area having a size different from the constraining ring reception area defined by the pair of gripper arms of each of the other of the plurality of heads.
A double-tube type stent is inserted into a hollow tubular organ such as a bile duct so as to relieve narrowing of the bile duct on, for instance, an anastomotic area of the intrahepatic bile duct of a liver transplant patient. A hollow cylindrical body has a plurality of rhombic spaces formed by weaving a superelastic shape-memory-alloy wire so as to be crossed. A silicon coating layer is coated on an outer surface of the cylindrical body using a silicon solution. A polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) tube is fixedly fitted around the cylindrical body having the silicon coating layer leaving a gap therebetween.
The object of the present invention is to provide a bone substitute material, medical material containing the bone substitute material and process for producing the bone substitute material wherein the bone material has excellent mechanical strength, biological affinity and biological activity.
A method and system is provided for monitoring manufacturing equipment and, more particularly, for monitoring manufacturing equipment in a semiconductor fabrication facility using existing tool elements. The method includes operating a tool working at an operating mode such that at least one of its control parameters is outside of a normal operating range, and measuring the at least on of the control parameters of the tool working at the operating mode outside of the normal operating range. The method further includes detecting a change to a condition of the tool based on the measuring of the at least one control parameter.
Systems and apparatus are provided for locating the center of a substrate. The invention includes a frame, mounted between a slit valve assembly and a transfer chamber wall in substrate processing equipment; at least one emitter, housed in the frame, and adapted to emit a signal; at least one sensor, housed in the frame, and adapted to receive the emitted signal; and a controller adapted to determine a center of a substrate based on the signal received by the sensor. Numerous other aspects are provided.
A digital PID controller controlling a control subject to be in a target state includes: a detector detecting analog data of a current state of the control subject; an AD converter converting the analog data to a digital value; and a digital PID control unit (i) receiving an error value and (ii) digitally performing at least one of integral calculation and derivative calculation to generate a manipulated variable. The digital PID control unit includes at least one of: a first suppression unit suppressing the error value when an absolute value of the error value is equal to or smaller than a first set value; and a second suppression unit suppressing the error value when the absolute value is equal to or smaller than a second set value, and performs the integral calculation and the derivative calculation on the outputs of the first suppression unit and the second suppression unit, respectively.
It is an object to acquire a program creating device for a programmable controller which is able to create a sequence program without grasping a procedure of an address of an individual parameter area allocated to an object module when a setting of parameters of various functional modules for the programmable controller is executed.
Media content is recorded in a format that includes embedded control information for controlling reproduction of the media content.
In altering sound content of an audiovisual product, for example, a video game, a computer program, motion picture, television program, commercial or other like products, a server system identifies the current sound content of an audiovisual product residing in a user system, the server system determines whether the current sound content is to be altered, and the server system provides an altered sound content to the user system, if it is determined that the current sound content is to be altered. The altered sound content includes, for example a sound content that is an alternate sound content, a substitute sound content, or an updated sound content.
Today, even despite the huge increase of available processing power, the commercial OS are not able to guarantee the response time necessary to process a plurality of audio sources and output the results in a very short time without using additional means such as dedicated DSP or other processing elements such as FPGA. This problem is overcome by means of a system to process a plurality of audio sources, this system having at least a central processing unit CPU and input and output capabilities, this system being characterized in that, the central processing unit comprises at least two cores, each core representing a micro processing unit, at least one core being loaded with a standard operating system and at least one second core being loaded with a real-time operating system (RTOS) in charge of processing audio signals which comprise audio sources and audio outputs.
A system for determining an identity of a received work. The system receives audio data for an unknown work. The audio data is divided into segments. The system generates a signature of the unknown work from each of the segments. Reduced dimension signatures are then generated at least a portion of the signatures. The reduced dimension signatures are then compared to reduced dimensions signatures of known works that are stored in a database. A list of candidates of known works is generated from the comparison. The signatures of the unknown works are then compared to the signatures of the known works in the list of candidates. The unknown work is then identified as the known work having signatures matching within a threshold.
A semiconductor manufacturing method and apparatus is provided that can improve uniformity of processing time of oxidation thickness. When starting a heat oxidation process, a time for optimum oxidation processing in the process management system is calculated based on atmospheric pressure data, a target thickness of that process, oxidization time, thickness data and atmospheric pressure data in the immediately preceding process under the same oxidization processing job. The optimum system comprises a process management system such as a host computer, a device having a barometer, a heat oxidation-processing device and a thickness-measuring device. The host computer, the barometer, the heat oxidation processing device and the thickness-measuring device are connected via a network so as to transmit data to and from each device.
The operation of a test plant comprising a series of test rooms with a respective number of test beds requires management of a multiplicity of data, resources, people, processes, etc. Optimum operation of a test plant with as little unproductivity as possible is possible only when all of this information is networked together and optimum structures for the separation and management of a test plant are created. To this end, the invention now proposes splitting a test order into an order specimen and a process specimen, the two specimens being used to store different information. By linking an order specimen to a process specimen and the associated data and processes, it is a simple matter to generate a test process plan, and the handling of the test job can be controlled and monitored on the basis of the test process plan.
A process control method comprises adjusting a process condition in consideration of a performance variation among a plurality of manufacturing apparatuses, the performance variation affecting a finished shape of a pattern used to manufacture a semiconductor device, running a simulation of the finished shape under the adjusted process condition, extracting a dangerous point of the pattern affecting satisfaction from the result of the simulation, comparing a first process capability serving as a judgment standard to find whether a production schedule of the device is achieved with a second capability serving to form a dangerous pattern containing the dangerous point, and improving the second process when the second process capability is lower than the first process capability.
A method of manufacturing an article includes the steps of: establishing a defined location for a tool activity to occur; determining an actual location of the tool; comparing the actual location of the tool with the defined location; ascertaining an occurrence of the tool activity at the actual location; and verifying whether the tool activity occurred at the defined location.
In an industrial control system, a relatively large number of bindings can permeate between different controllers. As a modification is made in a primary binding, supplemental bindings can be impacted and can become erroneous. The supplemental bindings can be automatically resolved such that they are no longer erroneous. Resolution can take place through access of a distributed directory that holds information related to the different controllers. To lower a likelihood of control system error or failure, the primary binding and supplemental binding can be placed online in synchronization.
A combined management system includes: a factory server; at least one terminal in communication with a user, such as a consumer or a specialist; and a central server in communication with the factory server and the terminal, for determining, based on signals received from the factory server, whether a malfunction occurs in a factory, and connecting the terminal with the factory server if a malfunction does occur.
An object search apparatus acquires, from each IC tag of IC tags corresponding to objects respectively, an object information item including an identifier of an object, a hierarchical level, a detection method for detection of the object, and a manipulation method for the object, to obtain a plurality of object information items including a target object information item of a target object, selects, from the object information items, an object information item higher in the hierarchical level than the target object, detects an object corresponding to selected object information item by using the detection method in the selected object information item, manipulates detected object in accordance with the manipulation method in the selected object information item, selects target object information item from the object information items, and detects the target object from the detected object by using the detection method in the target object information item.
The present invention relates to a robot with personality characters. The robot communicates with another robot within a predetermined coverage area. The robot stores at least one personality attribute of the robot, at least one personality attribute of another robot, at least one predetermined action, and a relationship among the personality attribute of the robot, the personality attribute of another robot and the predetermined action. The present invention also provides a behavior control method adapted for the robot. In the method, the robot detects a second robot within the predetermined area to obtain the personality attribute of the second robot, fetches the personality attribute of the robot, and performs the predetermined action according to the relationship.
In an air conditioning system a method for controlling enthalpy in the environment of a structure is disclosed. The blower speed is controlled in such a manner as to maintain the prescribed dew point temperature of the air passing over the evaporator coils. When the air to be cooled contains high relative humidity, a greater quantity of latent heat is rejected into the evaporator, resulting in less sensible heat being rejected. This results in higher sensible temperature of air passing over the evaporator coils and thus the blower speed is reduced in and effort to maintain dew point. Maintaining the prescribed dew point ensures that the air in the space is continuously maintained at the optimum humidity levels without the use of humidity sensors. Enthalpy is determined by observing relative blower speed and the refrigeration compressor is modulated based on the blower speed.
A control device may include at least a first electromechanical setpoint controller having a prime mover that applies a setpoint force in response to at least a controller signal, and a controller circuit that generates at least the controller signal in response to setpoint control data. A pneumatic controller may have at least one gas flow inlet and a flow regulator that varies a gas flow property in response to the setpoint force.
An automated data storage library with storage shelves, data storage drive(s), a bus bar; and a robot accessor with a drive system for moving the robot accessor, an accessor communication interface, a bus bar relay configured to engage and disengage the bus bar; a robot control configured to operate the drive system to move the robot accessor, to operate the picker, to operate the bus bar relay to engage the bus bar when the robot accessor is stationary; and a power storage system configured to receive power via the bus bar relay when the bus bar relay engages the bus bar, to store the received power, and to deliver the stored power to the robot accessor at least when the bus bar relay is disengaged.
Described herein is a method for controlling a baking oven using a timer module, said timer module comprising a timer relay, a switch for operating mode selection, and a switch for setting a heating temperature or a heating power. The timer relay is serially connected into a power supply line to a heating device of the baking oven, whereby following the activation of a first safety lock function on the timer module by a special user function, a timer setting is locked against change. When the timer setting is locked thus, a baking oven operating cycle that has been pre-specified by a user by timer adjustment proceeds as specified and, thereafter, the heating device is switched off by opening the timer relay. Then, the timer relay can be reactivated only by an additional special user function on the timer module.
A vehicle guidance system in accordance with the present disclosure has a transmitter for transmitting information related to a movement of a vehicle to a receiver and logic configured to determine how to steer a vehicle so as to align the vehicle with an object, the logic further configured to provide the information to the transmitter.
An apparatus comprises a portable computer, and program code stored on the portable computer. The program code is capable of being executed to establish a communications link with an aircraft network data processing system in an aircraft, obtain information about the aircraft over the communications link, display the information on a display device for the portable computer, receive user input to control a data processing system on the aircraft network data processing system in the aircraft, and send a number of commands to the data processing system in response to receiving the user input.
Environment conditions expected to be encountered by a vehicle are used as inputs in determining operating modes of a motive power system of a plug-in hybrid electric vehicle. A vehicle operating in charge depleting mode may transition to operate in charge sustaining mode if the vehicle is expected to encounter circumstances where it is desirable to allow the vehicle to more quickly respond to sudden requests for torque.
A regeneration energy shunt system utilizes a module to monitor the power bus voltage and can divert excess regeneration energy to a resistor array to dissipate the excess regeneration energy. The module can monitor the state of charge of a rechargeable power source to ascertain when excess regeneration energy condition exists. The resistor array can include a plurality of resistors. The module can ascertain the number of resistors needed dissipate the excess regeneration energy and selectively direct the excess regeneration energy to the required number of resistors. The module can dynamically switch which resistors are used to dissipate the excess regeneration energy and can thereby even out the loading across the resistors. The module can ascertain a state of health of the individual resistors and remove unhealthy resistors from service, report the state of health of the resistors, and initiate changes in operation based thereon.
The specification and drawing figures describe and show a method and system of monitoring CANbus information across an integrated wireless equipment management system and a mobile wireless communications system. The CANbus, mounted in a vehicle, provides communication and diagnostic information among vehicle components that, because the CANbus also is operatively connectable to the integrated wireless equipment management system, may be transmitted across that system. The CANbus includes one or more original parameters associated with sensors that are converted into virtual sensors to provide selective vehicle information to a terminal of the integrated wireless equipment management system.
A rotational angle correction controller controls generation of an inverse assist torque using the phase deviation due to the correction of the rotational angle , thereby performing the rotational angle correction control to smooth rotation of the motor during two phase drive. In addition, the rotational angle correction controller functions as the oscillation detection means that detects the occurrence of oscillation in the steering system. When the level of the detected oscillation exceeds the predetermined level, the correction amount in the rotational angle correction control is reduced.
The invention relates to a driver assistance system for local and time assessment and prediction of the driving dynamics of a vehicle within a traffic system and to the transmission of the information resulting thereof to neighboring vehicles. According to the invention, the data generated independently from each other in the vehicle to be assessed is collected and evaluated in an evaluation unit, and a prediction based thereon regarding an upcoming driving situation is generated and then transmitted to motor vehicles that are located in the surrounding area and involved in said driving situation.
A plurality of pressure sensors are provided in a tire of an aircraft landing gear, such sensors being carried by the same stem assembly that has the inflation-deflation valve for the tire. A communication microcircuit is provided in the stem. The communication microcircuit is connected to one coil of a stem transformer, with the other coil of the stem transformer being electrically connected to one coil of an axle transformer. The other coil of the axle transformer is coupled to an axle communication circuit which powers the axle and stem circuits and polls the sensors to determine tire pressure.
A data recorder is configured to be mounted to a line replaceable unit (LRU) and utilized in conjunction with a service monitor. The data recorder includes a memory, a processor coupled to the memory and configured to store operational data pertaining to the LRU in the memory, and a monitor interface coupled to the memory. The monitor interface is configured to be coupled to the service monitor to permit access to the operational data stored in the memory.
A control apparatus includes a recommended operation determination section, a user interface section, and a control section. The recommended operation determination section uses a first probability model to determine a second operation associated with a first operation having been performed for an onboard device. The user interface section displays the second operation for an occupant and is supplied from the occupant with a response operation indicating whether to accept or reject the second operation. The control section performs the second operation on an onboard device when a response operation to accept the second operation is supplied via the user interface section.
An electric auxiliary heating unit for a motor vehicle reliably avoids temperature overshoots of the heated air, especially during acceleration phases of the vehicle. The temperature of adjustment the discharged hot air is adjusted in dependence upon the vehicle speed. This is preferably done via a stored characteristic field via which a plurality of vehicle parameters, such as the vehicle speed, the opening condition of the convertible top, the outside temperature, etc., can easily be taken into account. The temperature of the incoming air can also be derived from temperature values which are already available in the vehicle. This heating can preferably be used locally in the vehicle, e.g. in the vehicle seat or in the rear of the passenger compartment. Temperature fluctuations in the heated air can be avoided reliably and easily even in the case of dynamically varying operating conditions of the motor vehicle.
A vehicle control panel includes knobs and a touch sensitive interface in the place of conventional mechanically activated buttons. The substitution is implemented without modification to the bezel or console assembly and with many components common to consoles utilizing conventional mechanically activated buttons.
A bicycle is disclosed having a control system with a user interface and an active suspension system. The control system includes a one or more sensors arranged to measure and transmit a signal indicative of the terrain over which the bicycle is being ridden. The active suspension system includes a valve box that is fluidly coupled to each chamber of the lower cylinder. An orifice in the valve box is changed in size in response to a signal from a sensor associated with the front wheel that changes the response of the suspension system due to changing terrain conditions. The user interface includes a selection device mounted to the handlebars that allows the user to change parameters of the active suspension system during operation of the bicycle.
A hydraulically propelled, gyroscopically stabilized muter vehicle that exhibits extremely high fuel efficiency and personnel safety. Fuel efficiency is derived from the application of a large energy wheel functioning to provide energy storage as well as inertial stabilization The energy wheel never needs to be replaced and when its energy level as been depleted can be refilled almost immediately. Additional energy is stored in a conventional hydraulic accumulator. A small engine running intermittently for a short time and st its most efficient speed replaces expended energy. Expended energy is also replaced by regenerative decelerations well as wheel bounce. Safety is enhanced by the inertial stability of the energy wheel functioning as a gyroscope that prevents the vehicle from overturning. A Rate Gyroscope in conjunction with a computer controlled vehicle control system prevent spin out accidents.
An automated and algorithmic method utilizing motor vehicle steering geometry knowledge, applicable to small and large turn angles, along with knowledge of motor vehicle understeer gradient, for determining motor vehicle yaw gain by which a motor vehicle yaw gain table is populated for use by an electronic stability control system of the motor vehicle. The method may utilize either a recursive methodology of population or an open loop methodology of population.
A vehicle communication system and communication steering wheel is provided. The communication steering wheel includes a display, a wireless transceiver configured to operably connect to a wireless device, a sensor, configured to obtain directional steering information and a controller, configured to receive input from the wireless transceiver and the sensor and output a signal to the display based on the received input.
The present invention provides a control apparatus for an electric power steering apparatus comprises: a steering assist command value calculating section; a current control section that calculates a voltage command value; and a motor driving section that drives a motor based on the voltage command value, wherein an assist power from the motor is applied to a steering system, the control apparatus is characterized in that an SAT measuring section, that inputs an angular speed and an angular acceleration of the motor, the steering assist command value and the torque signal therein so as to estimate an SAT, is provided, and the SAT obtained by the SAT measuring section is feedbacked to the steering assist command value via a feedback section composed of a phase compensating section and a gain section.
A method for generating a return torque signal in an electric servo steering system of a vehicle, including the steps of: determining a current steering wheel position; determining a current vehicle speed; generating a return torque signal as a function of the steering wheel position and the vehicle speed; determining a current directional relationship between a torque exerted on the steering wheel and a speed of steering wheel rotation; determining a scaling factor dependent on the directional relationship; and multiplying the return torque signal by the scaling factor in order to obtain a modified return torque signal. Also, a servo steering system which is designed to carry out such a method.
An ECU executes a program including the steps of: detecting a distance to an object; changing over a changeover damper from an inside air circulation to an outside air circulation when a collision is predicted; controlling a power window device to move down a door glass; turning an SMR off when the collision is detected; and controlling the power window device to fully open the door glass.
A machine includes an operator enclosure mounted on a machine frame. The operator enclosure includes at least first and second sides, a top, and a front access door. An operator floor space of the machine is located between the front access door and an operator seat of the machine. The top is movable between a closed position where the operator floor space is covered and an open position where the operator floor space is uncovered.
An anti-collision control is provided under circumstances where it is determined that there is a risk of collision between a host vehicle and a preceding vehicle. The anti-collision control utilizes host vehicle information, preceding vehicle information, and surrounding road conditions to determine whether or not a collision with the preceding vehicle can be avoided through a steering operation. If avoidance is determined to be possible, then a shift-hold control is applied to the AT, whereas if avoidance is determined to be impossible, then a down-shift control is applied to the AT.
A method for controlling an engine coupled to a transmission is described. The method is suited for a transmission having at least one gear in which an over-running clutch is present. The invention describes a method for adjusting an engine operating parameter to maintain transmission input speed at or below a synchronous transmission input speed when the transmission is in the gear with the over-running clutch. The synchronous transmission input speed is based on transmission state and transmission output speed. Alternatively, vehicle speed can be used in place of transmission output speed.
A method for controlling the drive-off of a motor vehicle in which the area in front of the vehicle is sensed using a sensor device and a drive-off enabling signal is automatically output after the vehicle stops, if the traffic situation allows. Features of the road in the area in front of the vehicle are extracted from the data of the sensor device, and on the basis of these features, at least one enable criterion is checked, a positive result indicating that the road is clear.
A motor vehicle travel path control which monitors, during an autonomous braking event initiated by a collision preparation system the actual motor vehicle travel path in relation to the driver intended motor vehicle travel path, and in the event a departure from the driver intended motor vehicle path occurs, the motor vehicle travel path control adjusts braking so as to return the motor vehicle travel path to that intended by the driver.
A traffic sensing system for collecting information on traffic conditions is provided. A traffic sensing system includes a traffic sensing server and a mobile traffic sensing device that sends traffic reports to the traffic sensing server. An MTS device may use an accelerometer integrated into a smart phone to detect potholes, to detect when the vehicle is braking, to detect whether the MTS device is being transported via a vehicle or a pedestrian, to detect horns sounding, and so on. The MTS device reports the various conditions to the traffic sensing server for accurate assessment of traffic conditions at stretches of road through which vehicles transporting MTS devices travel.
An anti-lock braking system (ABS) calculates driven wheel speed without any sensors on the driven axle assembly. A powertrain control module (PCM) receives signals from an output shaft speed (OSS) sensor and adds the speed and axle ratio information to a control network bus. Access to the CAN bus is provided to enable calculation of the rear wheel speed based on such information so that ABS may implement anti-lock braking functionality by taking into account such information.
A method for controlling a self-energizing disc brake having an electric actuator in which an activation force applied to the actuator is amplified using a self-energizing device arranged between the actuator and brake lining is described. The method has a brake application unit for applying at least one brake lining to one side of a brake disc by carrying out an application movement of the brake lining relative to the brake disc, the application movement having at least a first movement component in a direction parallel to a rotational axis of the brake disc and a second movement component in a direction tangential to the rotational axis of the brake disc. The method includes also controlling at least one electromotive drive for activating the brake application unit. Rotation of the shaft of the electromotive drive is converted to a non-linear displacement of the brake pad in the tangential direction.
A turf maintenance vehicle all-wheel drive traction control system includes a primary wheel propelling the vehicle. A first motor rotates the primary wheel. A traction control system has a first portion communicating with the first motor to monitor either a first motor current demand or a rotational speed of the primary wheel or the first motor and generates a traction control value. A secondary wheel rotated by a second motor steers the vehicle in a vehicle non-slip condition. A traction control system second portion determines a secondary wheel steering angle value. A speed threshold limit stored in the traction control system compared to the traction control value generates a slippage occurrence message indicative of a primary wheel traction loss event. A second motor drive signal created by comparing the steering angle value and the slippage occurrence message energizes the second motor during the traction loss event.
A method and a device are provided for operating a drive unit of a vehicle having an engine which in a first operating state is operated with a first number of cylinders and in a second operating state is operated with a second number of cylinders. The first number of cylinders and the second number of cylinders are different from one another. The switchover of the engine between the first operating state and the second operating state is adapted to the driver type or the driving situation. Switchover between the first operating state and the second operating state is delayed as a function of the driver type or the driving situation.
A control system for an internal combustion engine is disclosed. In the control system, an engine state parameter is calculated using a self-organizing map for calculating a predetermined output parameter according to at least one engine operating parameter which indicates an operating condition of said engine. The engine state parameter indicates an engine state which is relevant to the predetermined output parameter.
A passive control device is interposable between an oxygen sensor and an electric control unit of a motor vehicle to modify a reference voltage used by the electric control unit so that a richer fuel mixture is provided to an internal combustion engine of the motor vehicle than would otherwise be provided in absence of the passive control device. The passive control device directly passes the voltage signal from the oxygen sensor to the electronic control unit without modification. The passive control device works with the electronic control unit to provide a richer fuel mixture without reprogramming the electronic control unit.
A fuel injection control apparatus includes a low-side driver, arranged electrically downstream of an injector and operable to drive the injector with a changeover of an ON-OFF state thereof in response to a drive signal from a CPU; a high-side driver, arranged electrically upstream of the injector and downstream of a power source, and having an ON-OFF state thereof which may be changed in response to the drive signal from the CPU; a high-side return signal detection unit and a low-side return signal detection unit. Each of the low-side and high-side drivers includes a transistor arranged inside an ECU. The CPU diagnoses a function of a drive circuit based on the presence or non-presence of return signals received from the high-side return signal detection unit and the low-side return signal detection unit with respect to predetermined driving states of both the low-side and high-side drivers.
A control system for an engine includes a regulator with an output waveform which includes a plurality of waves, each wave having a peak portion, a first portion located on a front side of the peak portion, and a second portion located on the other side of the peak portion, the second portion exhibiting a more rapid change in voltage than the first portion. An ECU is configured to turn on a fuel injector of the engine at a first timing and turn off an ignition plug of the engine at a second timing, the first and second timings corresponding to a shift in waveform output from the peak portion toward the first portion of a first wave and a second wave, respectively. The waveform shift corresponds to a predetermined angular shift in the rotational position of a crankshaft of the motorcycle engine of preferably about 3.
A control system for an internal combustion engine having an exhaust gas recirculation device for recirculating a part of exhaust gases to an intake system of the engine is disclosed. An estimated exhaust gas recirculation amount is calculated using a neural network to which at least one engine operating parameter indicative of an operating condition of the engine is input. The neural network outputs an estimated value of an amount of exhaust gases recirculated by the exhaust gas recirculation device. At least one engine control parameter for controlling the engine is calculated based on the estimated exhaust gas recirculation amount.
A starting system for an internal combustion engine includes an energy supply device, a starting device connected to the engine and the energy supply device, and a controller connected to the engine, the energy supply device, and the starting device. The controller is configured to cause the energy supply device to supply current to the starting device and monitor at least one characteristic of at least one of the energy supply device and the starting device after current is supplied to the starting device. The controller is also configured to diagnose at least the starting device based on the at least one monitored characteristic.
A method and computer program using airport surveillance data to define common paths taken by vehicles on the airport surface is presented. Position data points for a group of vehicles create separate paths for each of the vehicles in the group. A matrix is created including areas measured between the path of each vehicle in the group and each of the remaining vehicles in the group. A column-wise average for each of the columns in the matrix is calculated, the column having a lowest mean average of all of the columns is determined, and a vector A(J) including the areas and vehicle identifications is created from that column. A difference vector A(J) is created having the difference between successive entries in the vector A(J), and subgroups with the group are recursively identified using the values in the difference vector.
A technique for providing a mobile device user with a when to leave alarm on his or her mobile device. The user has scheduled an appointment at a given time and location in the user's personal information manager (PIM) executing on the mobile device. A representative PIM is a calendar on the mobile device. The when to leave alarm is provided to the end user in the form of a display widget (or countdown alarm) that automatically activates a given time (e.g., 30 minutes) before a latest departure time for an event in the user's PIM.
A method for defining a geographic area in a map detail for use in a navigation device includes: selecting an area shape; positioning the selected area shape on the map detail at a desired position; and performing a function of the navigation device as a function of a geographic area specified by the area shape positioned on the map detail.
A navigation device is configured to allocate display setting such as color schemes and screen contents to at least one ambient lighting condition, monitors and evaluates a signal indicative of ambient lighting conditions and determines whether display settings for the current ambient lighting conditions are already in use and to change display settings so that they suit current ambient lighting conditions if needed.
A sound guiding apparatus enabling a user to intuitively understand traveling route information from a sound includes a position detecting unit that detects a current position of a user; a determining unit that determines a traveling direction based on the detected current position and a destination of the user; a sound generating unit that generates a sound based on the determined traveling direction; and a sound output unit that outputs the generated sound.
A method and system for estimating a step length in a pedestrian navigation system is provided. The method of estimating a step length in a pedestrian navigation system includes calculating a walking frequency and an acceleration variance of a pedestrian by using acceleration data acquired from an acceleration sensor, calculating a walking distance of the pedestrian by using GPS data acquired from a GPS receiver, and estimating a step length of the pedestrian by using the calculated walking frequency, acceleration variance, and walking distance.
Techniques are described for position source selection. In an implementation, an electronic device provides a variety of functionality including at least functionality to determine position. The electronic device may be further configured to select between a plurality of position sources to determine position based upon a variety of selection criteria. In an implementation, a last known position may be stored when position is being determined through the plurality of position sources. The last known position may be used as an alternative to determining position via the position sources when one or more of the position sources are unavailable. In another implementation, the last known position may be employed to automatically select one of the plurality of position sources to be used by the electronic device for determining position.
A system for collision course prediction includes a host vehicle sensor system detecting information relating to a target object including a position and a velocity relative to the host vehicle; a time-to-collision estimator control block calculating an estimated time-to-collision based on a longitudinal distance, longitudinal velocity and longitudinal acceleration of the target object relative to the host vehicle; a lateral distance estimator control block, which estimates the lateral distance between the centers of the host vehicle and target object at the estimated time-to-collision; and a collision course condition determination unit determining, at a determination instant prior to the estimated time-to-collision, a probability that the host vehicle will collide with the target object dependent at least in part upon whether the lateral distance is within a first interval, the first interval based on at least a lateral width of the host vehicle and a lateral width of the target object.
Borehole image data is compressed and transmitted to the surface one pixilated trace at a time. The compression methodology typically includes transform, quantization, and entropy encoding steps. The invention advantageously provides for sufficient data compression to enable conventional telemetry techniques (e.g., mud pulse telemetry) to be utilized for transmitting borehole images to the surface. By compressing and transmitting sensor data trace by trace the invention also tends to significantly reduce latency.
Cross-component measurements in combination with standard propagation resistivity measurements are processed to estimate the vertical and horizontal resistivities, relative dip and relative azimuth of an anisotropic earth formation.
A tracking receiver system is used to track the progress of a downhole tool along a subsurface path having a desired grade. The tracking receiver system is adapted to detect a reference line originating from a reference line receiver and to determine the position of the downhole tool along a desired subsurface path relative to the reference line. In an alternative embodiment the tracking receiver system may comprise a global positioning satellite system to provide information used to determine the position of the downhole tool relative to the desired subsurface path.
A method of determining in-situ a relation between the seismic velocity and the state of stress in an underground formation located under a surface subjected to time-changing surface loading conditions. A relation is selected between the seismic velocity and the state of stress containing at least one unknown parameter. A seismic source is arranged at surface or in a borehole penetrating the underground formation, and a seismic receiver is arranged at a distance from the seismic source at surface or in a second borehole. At two different times the seismic velocity of the formation along a path from the seismic source to the seismic receiver is determined. The difference in surface loading conditions at the two times is converted in a difference in states of stress in the underground formation. The unknown parameter(s) are calculated to obtain the relation between the seismic velocity and the state of stress in the underground formation.
Methods and systems for investigating subterranean formations are disclosed. A method for investigating subterranean formations includes obtaining formation property data for a volume of interest in the subterranean formation s; presenting the formation property data as a collection of objects in a three-dimensional volume that represents the volume of interest; filtering the collection of objects based on proximity to a reference point and a selected property associated with a subset of the collection of objects; and displaying objects that satisfy the proximity to the reference point and the selected property.
A method of predicting subsurface properties of a geologic formation includes acquiring seismic data for a subsurface region including the geologic formation of interest, computing seismic attributes of the measured seismic data over at least part of this geologic formation, determining internally consistent rock properties representative of the geologic formation, generating models of the same part of the geologic formation with these rock properties, computing synthetic seismic data from the models, computing the same attributes from these synthetic seismic data, and using Bayesian analysis to predict, from the probability of modeled attributes given the models, the probability of the actual subsurface properties given the measured attributes.
Methods, user interfaces, systems and computer readable media for visualizing data to facilitate analysis of the data. Mass data values are provided for a sample having been separated into portions according to a first characteristic of the sample, the slices having been processed to provide the mass data values of members of the sample occurring in the portions. A plot of the mass data values is displayed on a first axis versus the portions on a second axis of the plot. A mass data value of a member may be selected on the plot, and all mass data values occurring in the portion in which the selected mass data value is located are displayed using first visual indicators that are visibly distinct from visual indicators used to display data values occurring outside of the portion in which the selected data value is located.
The invention provides crystalline O-methyltransferases and isolated non-native O-methyltransferases as well as sets of their structural coordinates. Also provided are methods of predicting the activity or substrate specificity of putative O-methyl-transferases, methods of identifying potential substrates of O-methyltransferases, and methods of identifying potential inhibitors of methyltransferases.
A method of generating models with which to characterise selected aspects of the metabolic phenotype of subjects without dosing a test substance to those subjects or with which to predict, without dosing, the post-dose responses of subjects where those responses are dependent on metabolic phenotype, the method comprising: obtaining pre-dose data relating to a plurality of subjects before dosing with a dosing substance; obtaining post-dose data relating to the plurality of subjects after dosing with the dosing substance; and correlating inter-subject variation in the pre-dose data with inter-subject variation in the post-dose data, and generating a pre-to-post-dose predictive model on the basis of the observed correlation. The models may be used to determine selected aspects of the metabolic phenotype of a subject or to predict, without dosing, the post-dose responses of subjects. This is achieved by analysing data relating to the un-dosed subject in relation to a model describing the correlation of pre-dose and post-dose data relating to a plurality of subjects when dosed with a particular substance which challenges the biochemical transformation or pathway of interest; and generating, according to the predetermined criteria of the model, a numerical measure or classification describing the metabolic phenotype of the un-dosed subject.
Systems and methods for processing sensor data are provided. In some embodiments, systems and methods are provided for calibration of a continuous analyte sensor. In some embodiments, systems and methods are provided for classification of a level of noise on a sensor signal. In some embodiments, systems and methods are provided for determining a rate of change for analyte concentration based on a continuous sensor signal. In some embodiments, systems and methods for alerting or alarming a patient based on prediction of glucose concentration are provided.
The present invention relates generally to systems and methods for measuring an analyte in a host. More particularly, the present invention relates to systems and methods for transcutaneous measurement of glucose in a host.
A method of determining a concentration level of a compound in a mixture is provided. A plurality of compounds are identified in the mixture based on intensity peaks identified from NMR data generated from the mixture. A compound is selected from the identified plurality of compounds for a concentration determination. A concentration equation associated with the selected compound is determined. A first peak associated with the selected compound is selected from the NMR data. The selected first peak does not overlap with a peak associated with another compound of the identified plurality of compounds. An intensity value associated with the selected first peak is determined. A concentration of the selected compound in the mixture is calculated using the determined concentration equation and the determined intensity value.
A lighting system is provided that includes at least one lighting device, at least one connector, and a plurality of external power sources. The lighting device includes at least one lighting source, and an internal power source supplying a first electrical current to illuminate the lighting source. The connector electrically connects to the lighting device. The external power sources include at least first and second external power sources that are adapted to be electrically connected to the lighting device by the connector. The first external power source supplies a second electrical current to the lighting device to illuminate the lighting source and the second external power source supplies a third electrical current to illuminate the lighting source, such that the internal power source and one of the plurality of external power sources each supply electrical current to illuminate the lighting source at different times.
A system and method for monitoring a structure for damage is provided. The method includes stimulating a sensor in a sensor array to generate a plurality of waves. The sensor array includes one or more quadrants, wherein each quadrant includes one or more sensors. Sensor data from all sensors are acquired in each quadrant in parallel. The sensor data wave characteristics is processed for analysis. The processed sensor data wave characteristics are compared with threshold values to determine the presence of damage to the structure. If the presence of damage is determined, a corrective system is notified for corrective action.
An apparatus, method and system are provided for determining a mechanical-system-(MS)-health measurement and a MS-health state of an MS. The MS is a system that uses a fluid that can be measured by a sensor for purposes such as lubrication or cooling. The MS-health measurement is determined by processing MS-measurement data. The MS-measurement data includes an fluid-viscosity measurement value. The fluid-viscosity measurement value is transmitted using a wired or wireless sensor interface. The MS-health state is determined by comparing the MS-health measurement to one or more MS-health thresholds. The MS-health state is either in a normal state, a degraded state, or a critical state. The MS-health state is indicated, preferably using a onboard stop-light display, on a MS-health indicator. Depending on the MS-health state, one or more MS-performance characteristics may be reduced.
A method for determining the health of a structural element. The method includes providing a plurality of transducer elements arranged and disposed to permit measurement of vibration generated by at least one of the transducer elements at one or more of the other transducers elements. Vibration is induced with at least one transducer element. Vibration is measured at least one other transducer element, where the measured vibration corresponding to a vibratory path. At least one damage index value is calculated for each vibratory path in response to the measured vibration. At least one damage image is generated in response to the damage index value. The damage image assigns damage index values to each vibratory path. A damage location is determined from the damage image.
To provide a damage detection apparatus and damage detection method enabling an identification of a crack at a higher speed with a nondestructive inspection method which enables a quantification of a damage such as a crack buried inside a specimen, a crack exposed on a surface, or a wall thinning of the specimen, in three dimensions with an optional aspect ratio and inclination.
A damage detection apparatus and method which detect a damage occurring in a specimen include energizing means which energizes in order to put an inspection area on the specimen into a predetermined energized condition, potential difference measurement means which measures a potential difference at predetermined intervals in the inspection area, and analysis means which determines an existence or otherwise of a damage, and a shape thereof, based on a plurality of items of potential difference data acquired by the potential difference measurement means, wherein the analysis means hypothesizes in advance parameters specifying a hypothetical damage and, based on the potential difference data, executes a calculation using a maximum likelihood estimation method on a double body in which hypothetical specimens are doubled by bringing together their front surfaces, and furthermore on a quadruple body quadrupled by bringing rear surfaces of hypothetical specimens together, calculating a maximum likelihood estimation value of the parameters.
A device for detecting a leak in a cylinder of an internal combustion engine, the internal combustion engine including a piston in the cylinder, the piston being attached to a crankshaft, includes a time interval determining unit which is designed to determine a first time interval in which the crankshaft passes a preset first angle segment before reaching the ignition top dead center of the piston in the cylinder, and to determine a second time interval in which the crankshaft passes a preset second angle segment after reaching the ignition top dead center of the piston in the cylinder, and a cylinder leak determining unit which is designed to detect a leak in the cylinder as a function of the first time interval and as a function of the second time interval.
A system for determining slippage of row unit or chopping unit slip clutches of a corn head includes a microcomputer coupled to at least one vibration sensor and a display or aural annunciator. A slipping clutch or group of clutches including a slipping clutch may be identified by recognizing a speed dependent predominant frequency. A slipping clutch or group of clutches including a slipping clutch may be identified by comparing magnitudes or times of receipt of vibrations from a pair of sensors. A slipping clutch or group of clutches including a slipping clutch may also be identified by comparing vibrations received from a single sensor with known location identifying magnitudes
An optical pickup which has a failure prediction apparatus for predicting a failure of a laser diode has an input inputting a value of a current that flows through the laser diode and is measured at predetermined time intervals, a storage storing the current values inputted by said input, a detector detecting a current value that is a current value at any one of the measurement times of day stored in said storage and that has a change greater than or equal to a predetermined value relative to the current value at the preceding measurement time of day, and a generator generating a prediction curve that indicates a relationship between said elapsed time and the current value applicable at and after the measurement time of day of the current value detected by said detector.
A method for estimating a life status of a lithium battery applicable to a portable electronic device is described. The method includes the following steps. Firstly, a plurality of lithium battery life status intervals are sectioned out by a plurality of voltage-electric quantity curves representing characteristics of the lithium battery. Then, an actual voltage and an actual electric quantity of the lithium battery of the portable electronic device are measured. Afterwards, positions of the actual voltage and the actual electric quantity in the lithium battery life status intervals are determined to estimate the life status of the lithium battery.
A method of calibrating an amplifier includes receiving input and output samples, wherein the input and output samples are time-aligned, assigning at least one of the input and output samples to one of a plurality of categories based on the input sample, and estimating at least one characteristic of the amplifier based on the contents of at least one of said plurality of categories.
In order to automatically measure a signal skew between a first test signal and a second test signal by using an oscilloscope, a method is provided by the present invention. The method includes: capturing a band center of the first test signal; capturing a first sampling point and a second sampling point of the second test signal; comparing a voltage difference between the first sampling point and the second sampling point of the second test signal with a threshold value so as to decide and capture a rising band center and a falling band center of the second test signal. By using the invented method, the signal skew between the first test signal and the second test signal can be calculated according to the band center of the first test signal, the rising band center and the falling band center of the second test signal.
A method of analysis of long record length data using mark duration includes displaying together with a portion of the long record length data each mark that identifies a specified feature of interest together with the mark duration. Associated with the mark may be text identifying the feature of interest, measurement values associated with the duration of the mark, or a combination thereof. Multiple sets of marks may be generated for the long record length data, which sets may be combined to generate new marks with duration. The marks also may be filtered to further refine the marks to be displayed according to user specified criteria. In this way analysis of long record length data representing an acquired signal may be readily automated so a user may move from one interesting event to another without having to pan through the long record length data.
The method patented enables increase in reliability of periodicity estimates, and consequently of the natural band (of an object; of a body; of a system; etc.) definition too. The patented method is based on the least squares spectral analysis (LSSA) method. The LSSA has been proven over the past thirty years to be fully able of replacing the Fourier and Fourier-based spectral analysis methods (as the most used methods of spectral analysis in all sciences). The here patented method then uses this known feature of the LSSA as a reliable periodicity estimator, and expands its application by claiming that periodicity estimates generally (in all sciences and in all situations) could be improved by removing a number of measurements from the original dataset. Thus, by removing the least reliable (where least is according to some, e.g., well-known, criteria) measurements from the dataset of interest, one can estimate periodicities in any (complete or not) type of a numerical record to the logically greatest extent possible.
A sampling inspection estimating method comprises determining an acceptable range of a measured value and an acceptable range of a acceptance probability, determining a first sampling plan to be inspected and a condition of calculating a first acceptance variables of lots, obtaining a first measured value of a production lot based on the determined first sampling plan, calculating first acceptance variables of lots based on the obtained first measured value and the determined condition of calculating the first acceptance variables of lots, calculating a first acceptance probability based on the first acceptance variables of lots, determining a second sampling plan to be inspected and a condition of calculating a second acceptance variables of lots, obtaining a second measured value of a production lot based on the determined second sampling plan, calculating second acceptance variables of lots based on the obtained second measured value and the determined condition of calculating the second acceptance variables of lots, calculating a second acceptance probability based on the second acceptance variables of lots, calculating operating characteristics of the first and second sampling plans based on the first acceptance probability and the second acceptance probability, and estimating the operating characteristics by using the determined acceptable range of the acceptance probability.
A method for measuring the presence or concentration of an analyte in a sample by spectrophotometry: providing an open top cuvette having a sample with an analyte to be measured; providing a light source and a detector for detecting emitted light; taking at least two measurements that includes: (i) directing at least two beams of light from the light source to different locations on the cuvette; (ii) passing the at least two beams through the cuvette at their respective locations and through the sample to be measured; and (iii) measuring at least two respective emitted light beams with the detector; and comparing the at least two emitted light beams to determine if: all the emitted light beams should be disregarded; one or more of the emitted light beams should be disregarded; or the sample absorbances should be averaged. In a preferred embodiment, the method includes taking at least three measurements. In another preferred embodiment, the spectrophotometry is absorption spectrophotometry, and the method is performed on a diagnostic analyzer.
Systems and methods for processing sensor data are provided. In some embodiments, systems and methods are provided for calibration of a continuous analyte sensor. In some embodiments, systems and methods are provided for classification of a level of noise on a sensor signal. In some embodiments, systems and methods are provided for determining a rate of change for analyte concentration based on a continuous sensor signal. In some embodiments, systems and methods for alerting or alarming a patient based on prediction of glucose concentration are provided.
Methods for altering one or more parameters of a measurement system are provided. One method includes analyzing a sample using the system to generate values from classification channels of the system for a population of particles in the sample. The method also includes identifying a region in a classification space in which the values for the populations are located. In addition, the method includes determining an optimized classification region for the population using one or more properties of the region. The optimized classification region contains a predetermined percentage of the values for the population. The optimized classification region is used for classification of particles in additional samples.
In a method for monitoring a measurement system having a transmitter which determines the position of a moveable element and has a transmitter clock, and an electrical energy store which, in the event of a failure of an external electrical supply voltage (for the transmitter, continues to supply electrical power to at least a part of the transmitter, including the transmitter clock. After the external electrical supply voltage has been restored, the clock time of the transmitter clock is compared with a clock time of an external clock, and an incorrectly determined position is identified on the basis of the comparison of the clock times.
A parallel testing system with shared golden calibration table includes: a storage unit, multiple testing platforms, and a server. The storage unit is used for storing the golden calibration table, and the testing platforms are used to test a device under test (DUT) respectively by utilizing the golden calibration table. The server is connected to the storage unit and the testing platforms to send the golden calibration table to the testing platforms, and then, to cumulatively record calibration data produced after the testing platforms respectively test the DUTs, so that the server can further perform a weighted arithmetic operation to the calibration data so as to update the golden calibration table. Thereby, the purpose of accelerating the convergence speed of the golden calibration table can be achieved.
Systems and methods for processing sensor data are provided. In some embodiments, systems and methods are provided for calibration of a continuous analyte sensor. In some embodiments, systems and methods are provided for classification of a level of noise on a sensor signal. In some embodiments, systems and methods are provided for determining a rate of change for analyte concentration based on a continuous sensor signal. In some embodiments, systems and methods for alerting or alarming a patient based on prediction of glucose concentration are provided.
Circuits, methods, and apparatus for testing media devices. One example provides a test system for testing a number of media players. One or more computers can control the testing of the media players and collect results. Each media player tested may be connected to a computer via an adapter. The adapter may include a connection control circuit and an interface. The connection control circuit may connect and disconnect a power supply to the media player being tested. The voltage waveform produced when the power supply is connected and disconnected may be designed to mimic the voltage waveform produced when a user connects and disconnects a cable or docking station from the media player. The interface may receive commands to provide specific instructions to the media player. The interface may monitor the status and activities performed by the media player and report back to the computer.
The technology and economics of system testing have evolved to the point where a radical change in methodology is needed for effective functional testing of systems at clock rates of 1 GHz and higher. Rather than providing a test fixture to interface between the system under test and an external tester, it is preferable to provide critical testing functions within each electronic system in the form of one or more special-purpose test chips. An architecture is proposed that supports full-speed testing with improved noise margins, and also efficient methods for learning correct system behavior and generating the test vectors. The test program is preferably written using the same programming language as used for the system application.
Methods and systems for semiconductor testing are disclosed. In one embodiment, devices which are testing too slowly are prevented from completing testing, thereby allowing untested devices to begin testing sooner.
Magnetic field sensor probes are disclosed which comprise primary or drive windings having a plurality of current carrying segments. The relative magnitude and direction of current in each segment are adjusted so that the resulting interrogating magnetic field follows a desired spatial distribution. By changing the current in each segment, more than one spatial distribution for the magnetic field can be imposed within the same sensor footprint. Example envelopes for the current distributions approximate a sinusoid in Cartesian coordinates or a first-order Bessel function in polar coordinates. One or more sensing elements are used to determine the response of a test material to the magnetic field. These sense elements can be configured into linear or circumferential arrays.
A method, system, and computer program for determining the number of passengers riding on a vehicle in real time is presented. A total weight of passengers on the vehicle is divided by an estimated weight of each of the passengers to estimate how many passengers are on the vehicle in real time.
In one embodiment, a temperature sensing apparatus includes two temperature sensors that are disposed at differing depths from a surface and a measurement circuit that is coupled to the temperature sensors. The measurement circuit is operable to calculate the temperature of the surface based on a first temperature of one temperature sensor with a second temperature of the other temperature sensor.
A system is provided for measuring a distance within a railroad system. The railroad system includes a rail vehicle having a plurality of pairs of wheels, where the plurality of pairs of wheels are in respective contact with a pair of rails. The system further includes a transducer positioned on an outer surface location of the rail vehicle. The transducer is configured to emit a signal to an object located the distance away from the transducer. The transducer is configured to receive the signal having reflected from the object along the distance to the transducer. The system further includes a controller coupled to the transducer to receive transmission and reception data of the signal to determine the distance. A method is also provided for measuring a distance within a railroad system, as well as a kit for converting a rail vehicle from a first configuration to a second configuration.
The present invention is directed to an information display unit containing a power source, a program for gathering and calculating information and a display means on an upper surface for displaying the information. A side or lower surface of the information display unit is provided with a means for releasably attaching the display case to a shoe. Preferably, the information gathered and calculated by the program and displayed on the display means includes one or more of the distance traversed, calories burned, the amount of steps taken, speed traverse, altitude attained or geographical location.
A vehicle mass estimation system for use in a vehicle, such as a truck, including a transmission is provided. A processor may be operable to receive a signal relating to a mass of at least a portion of the vehicle. The processor may be further operable to estimate a vehicle mass based, at least in part, on the signal. The processor may be further operable to select a desired gear ratio for engagement in a transmission based, at least in part, on the estimated vehicle mass.
One embodiment of the present invention provides a system that facilitates testing a system-under-test with functional-test software and a transformation accelerator. During operation, the system receives a functional-test template at the transformation accelerator. The system also receives a test signal at the transformation accelerator, wherein the test signal comprises testing parameters. Next, the system manipulates the functional-test template at the transformation accelerator according to the testing parameters to create one or more functional-test transactions. The system then sends the one or more functional-test transactions to the system-under-test. Next, the system receives results for the one or more functional-test transactions from the system-under-test. Finally, the system queues the results.
The present invention relates to a method for measuring a quantity of usage of a CPU, in particular to a method for measuring a quantity of usage of a CPU which is capable of getting a credible quantity of usage of a CPU without amending an algorithm in order to adapt it to the an operating system, e.g., MS-Windows System, or requiring a complicated code. The method uses various algorithms provided by the operating system on the behalf of a registry storing a quantity of usage of a CPU inside a system. Accordingly the present invention can measure a quantity of usage of a CPU easily without lowering a performance of the operating system.
This invention relates generally to electronics, mechanics, and software, and more specifically, to systems and methods for wirelessly monitoring a brochure box. In one embodiment, the invention includes an apparatus that provides for remote content monitoring, the apparatus including a receptacle, the receptacle configurable to storing content; and a sensor node, the sensor node disposed proximate to the receptacle, the sensor node associated with a unique identifier, the sensor node configurable to monitor the existence of any stored content, the sensor node configurable to transmit a signal containing the unique identifier to a remote device, the signal being any of a cellular, satellite, and wireless network signal.
A method, system and computer program product for filtering systematic differences from wafer evaluation parameters provides an efficient visual display and numerical map technique for observing wafer-level process variation. Measurement data is gathered from electronic circuits at multiple positions within multiple regions on one or more wafers and parameters are computed from the measurement data, which may be the measurement data values themselves. The set of parameters is filtered for expected systematic variation by computing a set of normalization values from the set of parameters and normalizing the data according to the normalization values. The normalized parameter set is then either presented in a visual display, e.g., by color mapping, or arranged in a numerical map of parameter value by location.
A method is described for combining models of a plurality of theory solvers in order to produce a model which may be satisfiable by each of the plurality of theory solvers. A model is accessed for a first theory solver which is satisfiable in the first theory solver. It is determined that one or more equalities are implied by the model and it is determined if the equalities are compatible with a second solver. The model is updated in accordance any equalities determined not to be compatible with the second solver. A method is also described for mutation of models using freedom intervals. A freedom interval is determined for a variable within a model and the model is updates by choosing a value for the variable which lies within the freedom interval.
An improved method and system for characterizing the compositional components of a hydrocarbon reservoir of interest and analyzing fluid properties of the reservoir of interest based upon its compositional components.
A method and apparatus models one or more electromagnetic field modes of a waveguide. The method includes calculating a first matrix having a plurality of elements and having a first bandwidth using a refractive index profile of the waveguide. The plurality of elements of the first matrix represents an action of Maxwell's equations on a transverse magnetic field within the waveguide. The method further includes rearranging the plurality of elements of the first matrix to form a second matrix having a second bandwidth smaller than the first bandwidth. The method further includes shifting the second matrix and inverting the shifted second matrix to form a third matrix. The method further includes calculating one or more eigenvalues or eigenvectors of the third matrix corresponding to one or more modes of the waveguide.
An analysis supporting apparatus that supports a product analyzing operation includes a model-data generating unit that generates model data regarding an analysis model of an analysis target component in association with component hierarchy data representing a hierarchy of components forming an analysis target product; a model-data updating unit that reflects results of an analyzing process in the model data; and a calorific-value summing unit that sums analysis information regarding the analysis target product based on the model data stored in associated with the component hierarchy data.
An analysis supporting apparatus that supports a product analyzing operation, includes a model-data generating unit that generates model data regarding an analysis model of an analysis target component in association with component hierarchy data representing a hierarchy of components forming an analysis target product; a model-data updating unit that reflects results of an analyzing process in the model data; and a verifying unit that verifies the progress of the operation and data consistency based on the model data.
An operation simulation system for plant construction, in which operating expense in a construction operation is calculated based on crane type determined by a command input; the expense to construct foundation is calculated based on the foundation placement on which the determined crane is put; the operating expense is calculated based on a period during which an operation is carried out; the expense to temporarily place the installation object is calculated based on the specifications of the installation object before the installation; the installation operation expense is calculated based on an installation milestone reflecting a due date of the installation object; the total necessary expense is calculated based on all the expenses calculated; the total necessary expense is analyzed and evaluated; and the command input is adjusted by reflecting the results of an evaluation analysis so that the value of the command input falls within ranges set in mutually.
An example method of modifying a model of a field includes presenting a representation of field data in a first window and receiving a selection of a portion of the representation of the field data. The method further includes presenting the portion of the representation in a second window, creating a magnified portion, where the representation and the magnified portion are presented concurrently. The method further includes receiving a request to modify the field data presented in the magnified portion, modifying the field data based on the request, and based on the modified field data, updating the magnified portion and the representation to obtain a modified magnified portion and a modified representation, respectively. The method further includes concurrently presenting the modified magnified portion in the second window and the modified representation in the first window.
A transition test on an engine is conducted by simulation using a simulation model of the engine, and a transition test on an actual engine is conducted using the control value. In the actual engine transition test, alteration of the control value by an ECU is efficiently carried out thereby to shorten the time required for the actual machine transition test. For the unaltered control value, the output from the actual ECU is used as it is. The output about the other control value is masked. Only for the examined and altered control value, the output from a virtual ECU is used to conduct the transition test.
In a robot simulator of the present invention, when a portion of an operable area set for each figure to be selected and controlled, a right-hand system and a left-hand system, of a robot overlaps, when an obstacle is positioned within the operable areas, a personal computer color-codes and displays an image of the operable area of each system reset in adherence to the obstacle in a display. As a result, because the operable areas in a periphery of the obstacle, differing for each figure, are displayed in a clearly discernable state, it can be easily lo understood which figure should be used to perform operation within which area can be easily grasped.
The invention concerns a method for testing immunity to noise derived from interferences between components in a mixed analogic and digital electronic system. The method comprises determining by simulating the highest-level noise observed in the system, or the worst noise generated by interferences. If a test for noise sensitivity is successful with this injected worst noise, then the system is accepted. In the case where the worst noise test fails, the method comprises calculating by simulating the lowest-level noise observed in the system, or the injected best noise. If a test for noise sensitivity fails with this injected best signal, then the system is rejected.
A method and system for providing centralized access to count event information from testing of a hardware simulation model within a batch simulation farm which includes simulation clients and an instrumentation server. Count event data for said hardware simulation model is received by the instrumentation server from one or more simulation clients. A first and a second counter report are generated for the hardware simulation model, in which the first and second counter reports are derived from the count event data received by the instrumentation server. The first counter report is compared to the second counter report, and responsive to this comparison, a counter difference report is generated within the instrumentation server that conveys count event trends associated with the simulation model under different simulation testcases.
A machine translation method, system for using the method, and computer readable media are disclosed. The method includes the steps of receiving a source language sentence, selecting a set of target language n-grams using a lexical classifier and based on the source language sentence. When selecting the set of target language n-grams, in at least one n-gram, n is greater than 1. The method continues by combining the selected set of target language n-grams as a finite state acceptor (FSA), weighting the FSA with data from the lexical classifier, and generating an n-best list of target sentences from the FSA. As an alternate to using the FSA, N strings may be generated from the n-grams and ranked using a language model. The N strings may be represented by an FSA for efficiency but it is not necessary.
A method to significantly improve the accuracy of Statistical Machine Translation (SMT) translation output, while increasing the effectively of the required ongoing human translation effort by correlating said ongoing professional human translation effort directly to the translation errors made by the system. Once said translation errors have been corrected by professional human translators and re-input to the system, the SMT's inherent learning process will ensure that the same, and possibly similar, translation error(s) will not occur again.
A method, system and computer-readable storage medium are provided for generating translated dynamic Web page content comprising a phrasebook storing source phrases and translated phrases, a Web server, and an application server that generates dynamic Web page content in response to Web page requests and includes a translation engine that replaces source phrases in the dynamic Web page with a corresponding translated phrase stored in the phrasebook. In another embodiment the phrasebook also stores translations in a second dialect so that source phrases in a dynamic Web page can be translated into two or more dialects. Also provided is a system of collecting translatable dynamic Web page content including a Web server, a database comprising source phrases and corresponding translated phrases, and an application server that generates a dynamic Web page, identifies within the dynamic Web page a candidate phrase for addition to the database, and adds to the database a translatable component of the candidate phrase. Also disclosed is a method for maintaining a database of translated content whereby translatable dynamic Web page content is collected, translated, and added to the database.
A computer-implemented method for analyzing documents to discover noncompliance with an established norm is provided. The method can include receiving one or more terms indicating possible noncompliance with a pre-established norm, and, based upon the at least one term, constructing at least one grammatical unit. The grammatical unit can specify a predetermined syntax and can correspond to semantic content that is indicative of noncompliance with the pre-established norm, wherein the norm can include a statute, regulation, policy, or other standard. The method can further include identifying from among multiple electronic documents each document that contains one or more grammatical units specifying a predetermined syntax and corresponding to semantic content indicative of noncompliance with the pre-established norm.
A system and method for constructing a natural language description of one or more objects in a virtual environment includes determining a plurality of properties of an object and an environment given a current viewpoint in a virtual environment. An object description is created using the plurality of properties where the object description reflects multiple display characteristics of the object in the virtual environment. Object descriptions in the virtual environment are combined by classifying objects in the virtual environment to condense a natural language description.
A method for parsing a computerized text, the method including preparing a set of logical rules, using logical grammatical links, for parsing a text, using the logical rules to identify a part of speech of each word of text and all links between the words in the text, and labeling the links as grammatically correct links or grammatically incorrect links for correction, so as to parse substantially every word in the text.
In a sound processing device, a modulation spectrum specifier specifies a modulation spectrum of an input sound for each of a plurality of unit intervals. An index calculator calculates an index value corresponding to a magnitude of components of modulation frequencies belonging to a predetermined range of the modulation spectrum. A determinator determines whether the input sound of each of the unit intervals is a vocal sound or a non-vocal sound based on the index value. The modulation spectrum specifier analyzes the input sound to obtain a cepstrum or a logarithmic spectrum of the input sound for each of a sequence of frames defined within the unit interval, then specifies a temporal trajectory of a specific component in the cepstrum or the logarithmic spectrum along the sequence of the frames for the unit interval, and performs a Fourier transform on the temporal trajectory throughout the unit interval to thereby specify the modulation spectrum of the unit interval as the result of the Fourier transform of the temporal trajectory.
Provided are methods and apparatuses for more efficiently encoding and decoding a high frequency band signal which is from an audio signal and which is greater than a predetermined threshold frequency. The method and apparatus for encoding the audio signal encodes a linear prediction coding (LPC) coefficient and gain information of a residual signal, which are generated by performing LPC analysis, thereby encoding a high frequency signal so as to have enhanced sound quality, while using less bits.
A method for raising the soft and mid-level amplitude of sounds for greater clarity and perceptual benefit, while simultaneously removing the high level amplitude peaks without delay and providing protection for the auditory sense organ. The method does not require a feedback mechanism for the accomplishment of this treatment and exploits the psychoacoustic phenomenon of temporal integration which reduces the audibility of short duration signals, including distortions associated with peak clipping. The human auditory system requires greater time to integrate signal energy for audibility than provided by brief duration waveform peaks.
Included in the digital filtering equipment for extracting a feature quantity from a speech signal in order to execute a speech recognition based on an inputted speech signal are: a) an waveform determining section for obtaining an inputted speech signal and quantizing the speech signal waveform; b) a division value operating section for summing a quantized signal data in a prescribed adjoining region to divide the summation value by the number of summed data, with respect to a data quantized at each point by the waveform determining section, whereby a division value is obtained with the data being centered; c) a comparison section for comparing a division value calculated by the division value operating section and the quantized data calculated in the division value operating section to output logical truth of a comparison result, with respect to each data; and d) a conversion section for converting the quantized data into the selected data points based on an output from the comparison section. Thus, the feature quantity can be extracted only by applying an integer summation and comparison operation, so that performance of arithmetic operation is extremely simplified to be fast and inexpensive.
A steering wheel system for a vehicle. The steering wheel system includes a first microphone mounted in a steering wheel and a second microphone mounted in the vehicle. The first and second microphones are each configured to receive an audible input. The audible input includes an oral command component and a noise component. The steering wheel system also includes a controller configured to identify the noise component by determining that the noise component received at the first microphone is out of phase with the noise component received at the second microphone. The controller is configured to cancel the noise component from the audible input.
The invention relates to speech signal processing that detects a speech signal from more than one microphone and obtains microphone signals that are processed by a beamformer to obtain a beamformed signal that is post-filtered signal with a filter that employs adaptable filter weights to obtain an enhanced beamformed signal with the post-filter adapting the filter weights with previously learned filter weights.
The patent that I am requesting is for an existing product on the market. It is for voice transponding or activated texting. Rather than typing a text message, the user can simply speak into their cell phone and the message will be typed into the text message.
A method for task execution improvement, the method includes: generating a baseline model for executing a task; recording a user executing a task; comparing the baseline model to the user's execution of the task; and providing feedback to the user based on the differences in the user's execution and the baseline model.
Speech enhancement in a breathing apparatus is provided using a primary sensor mounted near a breathing mask user's mouth, at least one reference sensor mounted near a noise source, and a processor that combines the signals from these sensors to produce an output signal with an enhanced speech component. The reference sensor signal may be filtered and the result may be subtracted from the primary sensor signal to produce the output signal with an enhanced speech component. A method for detecting the exclusive presence of a low air alarm noise may be used to determine when to update the filter. A triple filter adaptive noise cancellation method may provide improved performance through reduction of filter maladaptation. The speech enhancement techniques may be employed as part of a communication system or a speech recognition system.
A computerized integrated order entry and clinical documentation and voice recognition system enables voice responsive user entry of orders. The system includes a voice recognition unit for detecting spoken words and converting detected spoken words to data representing commands. A data processor, coupled to the voice recognition unit, processes the data representing commands provided by the voice recognition unit, to provide order and documentation related data and menu options for use by a user, by interpreting the data representing commands using an ordering and documentation application specific ontology and excluding use of other non-ordering or non-documentation application specific ontologies. The ordering application enables initiating an order for medication to be administered to a particular patient, or additional ordered services to be performed. A user interface processor, coupled to the data processor, provides data representing a display image. The display image, includes the order related data and menu options provided by the data processor and supports a user in selecting an order for medication to be administered to a particular patient
Methods, apparatus, and articles of manufacture are disclosed in which auxiliary information is added to or removed from an audio signal. In one example, the information may be added to the audio signal using at least two frequencies that are dictated by two different frequency transformation block sizes, such that the two frequencies are not fully visible when an incorrect block size is used to perform a frequency transformation. Additionally, in another example, a decoder may compensate for time and frequency affects caused by removing old samples and adding new samples, which, in one example, alleviates the need to perform repeated frequency transformation using different frequency transformation block sizes. Other examples are described.
An audio signal is conveyed more efficiently by transmitting or recording a baseband of the signal with an estimated spectral envelope and a noise-blending parameter derived from a measure of the signal's noise-like quality. The signal is reconstructed by translating spectral components of the baseband signal to frequencies outside the baseband, adjusting phase of the regenerated components to maintain phase coherency, adjusting spectral shape according to the estimated spectral envelope, and adding noise according to the noise-blending parameter. Preferably, the transmitted or recorded signal also includes an estimated temporal envelope that is used to adjust the temporal shape of the reconstructed signal.
The invention disclosed provides a device and method for recommending at least a product or a plurality of products to a user based at least in part on opinion-based criteria. The invention proceeds by first choosing a plurality of products in a category. At least one product in the category is associated with at least one rating. The rating comprises a rating of a plurality of criteria, and the plurality of criteria comprises opinion-based criteria. In the next step of the method of the invention, a calculation of product recommendability of the plurality of products is made (caused to be made) based on a selection by at least one user of an importance level of a plurality of criteria. Then at least one product recommendation is provided (received) based on the selection by at least one user of an importance level of a plurality of criteria and the opinion-based criteria.
Data pertaining to interactions between a plurality of customers is obtained. A graph is formed, having a plurality of nodes representing the customers and a plurality of edges representing interactions between the customers. A sub-set of the customers are denoted as previously churned customers. A spreading activation model is applied to the graph to identify, based on the graph and the previously churned customers, the potential churning customers.
Methods and systems are disclosed for combining the results from multiple fraud detection devices into a single, ordered list of suspect items. The confidence value for each suspect item identified by each fraud detection process may be calculated. Calculated confidence values may be refined by resealing the confidence value. The confidence value of items from multiple lists may then be further refined using a voting process. Use of a voting process takes into account the determinations of each of the fraud detection processes in order to calculate or refine the confidence values associated with each suspect item. After conducting the voting process, the suspect items may be combined into a single suspect list. The new suspect list may be ordered by confidence values. Additionally, the expected loss of each item may be calculated for each suspect item. Suspect lists may also be ordered according to expected loss.
A business model is provided, which includes computing zones, computers, food zones, an entrance, and a rest zone. The computing zone includes furniture and networking connectors. The computer is disposed in the computing zone and connected to the networking connectors. The furniture are customized with visual indications according to computing power of the computer and speed of the networking connectors. The computers are connected to each other through an internal network which is connected to an Internet. The food zones are at locations accessible from the computing zones. The entrance is close to one of the food zones such that a user of the computing zones passes by the food zones to get to the computer. The rest zone is close to the computing zones such that a user of the food zones passes by at least one of the computing zones.
While several services offer ratings of different investment firms, these have little value when it comes to evaluating the actual quality of the individuals an investor or businessman will be working with. Given the vast size of the financial services firms, and the wide variation in their employees, the quality of the individual is often far more important than the identity of their employer. That is as true for the individual seeking an investment advisor as the business seeking a trustworthy team to manage their merger, acquisition, or IPO. As a result, individuals and businesses too often have to rely on the word of mouth information from other people (friends and family members) who do not have good grounds for comparison, and who may provide recommendations to help out their investment advisor, or to give the impression that they are achieving high rates of return. Our current service (solution) addresses this problem and need. There is no other service or procedure available that has the elements similar to ours, mentioned here.
A medical data receiver configured to optically capture medical data, extract the medical data from the optical capture as alphanumeric characters, and provide the alphanumeric medical data for analysis.
Write once media is used to store many different versions of metadata along with recorded video program. The metadata can be written many times over, for example once for each renter. The metadata can include rental information, or movie trailers, or other information.
Methods, apparatus, and products are disclosed for initiating a service call for a hardware malfunction in a POS system, the POS system having a POS controller domains, the POS controller domain composed of a POS controller and one or more POS terminals, the POS controller operatively coupled to a service dispatcher for a hardware service provider, that include: detecting, by a POS operating system installed on the POS controller, a hardware error within the POS controller domain, the hardware error described by hardware error data; notifying, by the POS operating system, a system administrator of the detected hardware error in dependence upon the hardware error data; generating, by the POS operating system, a service request message in dependence upon the hardware error data; and transferring, by the POS operating system, the service request message to the service dispatcher, the service dispatcher initiating a service call by the hardware service provider.
A system for managing electronic receipts is provided. According to one aspect, the system includes a portable device, a base device, a user device and an electronic receipts administration system. The electronic receipts administration system provides the base device with the appropriate data to allow the base device to generate, store and manage electronic receipts accordingly. A user uses the portable device to conduct a transaction with the base device. The base device uses a variety of information to generate an electronic receipt for the transaction. Such information includes, for example, information stored on the portable device, information stored locally on the base device and information stored on another device such as an electronic cash register. The electronic receipt is then stored on the portable device. The user device allows the user to subsequently retrieve the electronic receipt for management purposes.
A system for continuous health monitoring includes a computer system including a locking mechanism configured to allow multiple health point checks to be accessed simultaneously, a plurality of component health point checks configured to monitor at least one component of the system and configured to store health monitoring statistics in the computer system, and a scheduler configured to periodically enable the plurality of component health point checks based on one of a user request and a predefined amount of time.
A method of distributing pharmaceutical items from a primary distributor to a secondary seller. A request for pharmaceutical items is received by the primary distributor from the secondary seller. Shelving information indicative of a sequential arrangement of pharmaceutical items along the secondary seller's shelving system is reviewed. A mobile cart having a plurality of compartments is provided, and a sequential order to the plurality of compartments is designated. Based upon the request, the shelving information, and the compartment order, a compartment assignment plan is generated that assigns the requested pharmaceutical items to respective compartments in an order corresponding with the sequential arrangement of the shelving system. The compartments are then loaded in accordance with the compartment assignment plan, and delivered to the secondary seller.
Incorporating new technology into an existing medical practice is often difficult. Documents associated with a patient, for example, a patient's medical charts, are typically provided physically, i.e., as hard copies, when a patient is being serviced by multiple health care providers Disclosed are means for electronically annotating an image associated with a patient workflow. In one implementation, there is a method that includes receiving an image via a communications network, presenting the image to a user, and capturing an annotation made to the image by the user. The annotations and the image to a medical practice management server via the communications network and the annotated image is stored as part of a patient medical record.
A computerized method for evaluating medical reports includes identifying at least one or more medical reports stored in a database related to the medical condition, validating the identified medical reports by determining if key words associated with the medical condition found in the at least one or more reports are surrounded by a negative context and extracting relevant data from the medical reports. The exemplary method also includes evaluating the relevant data from the medical reports with provisions set forth in clinical guidelines corresponding to a medical condition, storing a flag identifying one or more of the medical reports as noncompliant when its corresponding relevant data does not comply with the provisions set forth in the clinical guideline unless a valid contraindication applies and displaying the medical reports identified as noncompliant.
A patient information interface system presents an aggregated, graphical view of patient anatomy and history. The system includes a graphical representation of at least a portion of a human anatomy including one or more indicators, aggregated from a plurality of clinical information sources and located at anatomical locations on the representation, that correspond to clinical events that have occurred in connection with a patient. The system also includes an electronic health record timeline of clinical events for the patient. The timeline includes the same one or more indicators that are displayed on the graphical representation corresponding to clinical events that have occurred in connection with a patient. A selection or change of an indicator on one of the graphical representation or the electronic health record timeline triggers a corresponding selection or change of the indicator on the other of the graphical representation or the electronic health record timeline.
When a medical image diagnostic apparatus captures a medical image, a medical image storage apparatus retrieves a medical image similar to the captured medical image from among medical images stored in a data storage unit. The medical image storage apparatus collects a past diagnostic reading report that uses the retrieved medical image as a key image or information related to a case, and displays the collected diagnostic reading report or information related to the case.
The present invention relates to the use of computerized systems for evaluating patient-specific data for the purpose of providing healthcare providers with recommendations for adhering to best medical practices.
A rules-based expert system is described in which the information relating to health or retirement benefits are stored in the form of statements or clauses relating to financial, medical, or personal characteristics relevant to statue or regulation at issue. The statements, or rules, are stored in a rules engine, or knowledge base in the form of If X, then Y. The specific construction of the data declarations relating to retirement and health benefit planning relies on parsing federal, state, and local regulations and statutes regarding Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, as well as general health insurance and long-term care insurance. The rules are applied to the user characteristics and to data about available policies to identify the policies most likely to be of greatest benefit and least cost to the user.
A method for insurance data management including accessing employee insurance enrollment data. Claims cost data may be accessed for employee claims. The claims cost data for employee claims may be reconciled with the employee insurance enrollment data. At least one insurance data report may be generated.
A Variable Product reinsurance structure including: (i) a reinsurance Agreement between a Variable Product issuer (Ceding Company), and a separate account or Cell of a reinsurer, qualifying for (re)insurance accounting under FAS 133; and (ii) a plurality of derivative instruments qualifying for mark-to-market accounting under FAS 133, designed to hedge exposure to an index of securities that correlates to the specific market risks assumed by the Cell under the Agreement (hedges), purchased for the account of the Cell from multiple dealers, wherein none of the hedge dealers retains more than 50% of the risk of loss. The structure may also include (A) a basis hedge purchased from a third party dealer to hedge other risks assumed by the Cell or (B)(1) a note issued by the Cell, (2) an assumption by the Ceding Company of the risk of non-payment by the hedge dealers and, (3) a contract with an intermediary.
A computer-implemented longevity benefit plan provides that a processor of a computer can determine longevity benefit payouts at respective benefit payment dates that participants of the plan can obtain by use of funds accumulated on behalf of the participants. The accumulated funds are based, in part, from contributions by employers who are sponsors of the plan and where the participants are employed by the employers, or by participants who are members of non-profit organizations which are sponsors of the plan. Based on the amount of funds accumulated as of a predetermined date, such as upon the participant's retirement or attaining a certain age, longevity insurance policies available for purchase for the benefit of the participant having desired longevity benefit payouts payable at respective benefit payment dates can be determined. Alternatively, after the predetermined date, the accumulated funds for the participant can be allocated for investment in a trust to provide for longevity benefit payouts payable directly from the trust at respective benefit payment dates.
A method, system, and control program for expediting payment of claims to service providers and to reduce institutional capital reserves. The method includes evaluating a risk of full payment of each claim; grouping claims from a service provider(s) based on a commonality of risk; generating a security representative of the risk of the grouped claims and an investment value of the security; and exchanging a pre-payment amount to medical service providers for the security. More specifically, evaluating the risk of full payment includes comparing each individual claim to a database of historical performance of the service provider and of similar claims and, moreover, evaluating for each claim an expected payment amount and an expected time (or delay) of payment by an obligor.
A system and method refund a current value of an event ticket to a user. The ticket is purchased from a ticket issuer and out of a pool of tickets. Information associated with the event ticket is obtained from a physical event ticket provided by a user to a kiosk. Ticket information is provided to at least one of: the ticket issuer, an event coordinator, venue owner, a third party or to the Internet via a query. In response, these sources return information associated with the event for which the event ticket was purchased. Subsequently, the kiosk calculates a current value for the event ticket based on at least one of the ticket information and event information. The current value is refunded to the user of the kiosk and the ticket issuer returns the ticket to the pool of available tickets.
A method of generating revenue for monitoring of a fluid dispensing system is provided. The method comprises providing a manually initiated cleaning system that cleans the fluid dispensing system. The cleaning system is manually initiated by a user of the cleaning system in response to the user of the cleaning system or a user of a monitoring system receiving a notification transmitted by the monitoring system. The method also comprises receiving fees on a periodic basis from the user of the monitoring system thereby generating revenue. The generated revenue is dependent on detected various conditions within the fluid dispensing system thereby providing sufficient and ongoing incentive for users to maintain cleaner lines in order to avoid higher monitoring costs resulting in safer fluid consumption. Alternatively, the manually initiated cleaning system may be replaced with an automated cleaning system.
Disclosed, amongst other things, is a method executable in an asset management entity associated with a proprietor of the molding structure, a method executable in a supervisory entity associated with the molding structure, the asset management entity, and the supervisory entity, amongst other things. The asset management entity includes a computing apparatus. A license management module is associated with the computing apparatus. The supervisory entity includes a computing device. The computing apparatus is configured to execute, in use, a receiving operation, over a communication network, to receive an indication of a parameter of a license associated with the molding structure from the supervisory entity. The license management module is configured to execute, in use, a generating operation, to generate a command signal in accordance with the indication. The command signal is for causing the supervisory entity to execute an operation in accordance with the license.
Test system project management processes, algorithms and software are described. The combination of the processes, algorithms and software provides a means to effectively management new the testing procedures for new product introductions from initial specification of the testing requirements all the way through implementation. The automated system allows the work to be broken down into defined sub-projects such that individual experts will have defined and documented tasks contributing to the completion of the testing regime. Tracking and evaluation algorithms are also presented. The system has been found to reduce the risk of new product introductions through thorough documentation and monitored implementation. The system also includes negotiation schema that provide optimized supplier selection to design and complete the testing system at an effective cost.
A system for dispensing consumer products includes a product bin unit; a product ejector; a product trigger; and a controller. The product bin unit includes a product bin; an ejector aperture; and a trigger aperture. The product ejector is coupled to the product bin unit through the ejector aperture and adapted to drive the product package from the product bin upon receipt of a dispensing signal. The product trigger is coupled to the product bin unit through the trigger aperture. The controller is in communication with the product ejector and the product trigger and includes at least one memory and a processor. The memory stores a dispensing module. The processor is adapted to execute the dispensing module, and the dispensing module is operable when executed to receive a dispensing instruction and transmit the dispensing signal to the product ejector based, at least in part, on the dispensing instruction.
A system and method disclosed for using and updating a database of template responses for a live agent in response to user communications. The method includes computing an average string distance between each response from a live agent and a template, use to generate the response, modifying the computed average string distance based on a customer satisfaction score associated with each response and selecting a response that minimizes the computed average string distance and maximizes customer satisfaction. Upon receiving a further communication on a certain issue, the system presents a prototype response that has been added to the template database to the live agent for use in generating a response to the further communication that reduces handling time and increases customer satisfaction.
Systems and methods are disclosed to provide a controlled process execution in enterprise software by receiving one or more rules specifying the controlled process execution; capturing one or more activities performed by the enterprise software; determining whether the activities performed violates the one or more rules; and notifying the user of violations or exceptions caused by the activities.
A recycling program provides a monetary incentive to encourage recycling of target waste materials, such as paper, glass and plastic products. A precious metal, such as gold, silver, platinum or palladium, is incorporated into the target waste material during manufacturing to provide an incentive for recycling the target material. A visual marking is placed on the target material to distinguish from other waste items that do not contain a precious metal. A deposit is collected from consumers when purchasing the target material, and the deposit is paid back when the target material is delivered to a recycling collection point. Recycling of the target material is encouraged by efforts to reclaim the precious metal.
When uncertainty is present, operational activities and counterparty relationships related to such operational activities are evaluated and appropriate management actions determined by utilizing data records comprising Contingent Performance Deliverables (CPDs), where a CPD specifies a set of rights and obligations for two or more counterparties to the CPD with respect to operational activities of the counterparties, wherein the rights and obligations are defined over a set of uncertain potential future events (SPFE). Analysis is conducted to assess relevant sources of uncertainty, and to determine appropriate actions under the operational activities, counterparty relationships, and CPD rights and obligations across such sources of uncertainty. After the actions are determined, their impact on the operational activities and counterparty relationships, and on associated performance measures, is determined across the sources of uncertainty. Management of the operational activities and counterparty relationships is improved by utilizing the actions determined and the data generated on the future impact of such actions on operational activities and counterparty relationships subject to uncertainty.
A performance-standard-computation method. The method includes selecting a task including a series of component steps, filming a worker performing each of the component steps of the task, reviewing the output of the filming step, using a data-acquisition device to record a plurality of process data wherein the step of using the data-acquisition device overlaps, at least in part, with the reviewing step, transferring the process data to a data-assessment tool, and using the data-assessment tool to calculate a plurality of performance standards relating to the task.
A method and apparatus for weight and balance management for aircraft is disclosed. The method may include receiving specific aircraft weight and balance data, the specific aircraft weight and balance data including aircraft identification information, passenger and crew information, aircraft destination information, container and cargo destination information, cargo and container origin information, fuel information, container identification information, container weight information, cargo weight information, cargo storage area identification information, cargo storage area configuration information, and container storage area configuration information, computing weight and balance information based on the received specific aircraft weight and balance data, wherein if the computed weight and balance information does not meet predetermined parameters, sending a signal to alert a user that the computed weight and balance information does not meet predetermined parameters, and sending computed weight and balance information and specific aircraft weight and balance data to a weight and balance management server for at least one of processing and storage.
The present invention provides a solution to the needs described above through an improved method and apparatus for an improved security system mechanism in a business applications management system platform. The security management system partitions a number of business objects into a number of hierarchical domains. A security list is then created and configured to grant a member the right to perform a security operation on the business object located within the hierarchical domain. The security list is created by adding the security operation to the security list, applying the security operation to one of the multiple domains, and adding members to the security list.
In general, in one aspect, a method for developing software by contest includes hosting a series of contests for the agile development of a software application by contest. In one embodiment, the method includes holding a contest for the development of a wireframe, holding a contest for the development of a static prototype, and holding a contest for the development of a working prototype. In some embodiments, the contests are repeated so as to iteratively modify the software application to better meet the customer's needs. In some embodiments, the working prototype is the final implementation of the software application. In some embodiments, a competition is held for the development of an application specification based on the working prototype.
A computerized method that allows the posts to determine what new products and services their customers want. The foregoing is accomplished by creating an automated process that: collects from mailers a description of new products and services the mailers would like to have and summarizes the description of new products and services in terms of postal products and services that would have a broad appeal.
Various implementations of a location based transportation management system and methods are disclosed, including a device for visually communicating with drivers in a variety of environments.
A method of tracking a lifecycle of a product includes creating a template of a lifecycle of a product. The template includes steps in the lifecycle of the product between a supplier and a customer. The steps include steps of a manufacturing and delivery process. The template and the status of each step is stored in an electronic device that is accessible to the supplier and to the customer. The supplier accesses the template and modifies the status of each step in the manufacturing and delivery process as completed as the lifecycle progresses. The customer accesses the template to monitor the progress of the lifecycle.
Online communities often do not include the same level of trust or accountability as face-to-face communities. A system is disclosed wherein a member of an online community is able to increase their contact ration. A system is disclosed wherein a member of an online community is held accountable to the actions of other community members with which the member is associated.
Systems and methods for performing fraud detection. As an example, a system and method can be configured to contain a raw data repository for storing raw data related to financial transactions. A data store contains rules to indicate how many generations or to indicate a time period within which data items are to be stored in the raw data repository. Data items stored in the raw data repository are then accessed by a predictive model in order to perform fraud detection.
A method and model for originating mortgages is provided that includes a team of members for originating a mortgage having a first team member who supervises a second and third team member and provides home buying consulting services preferably as a licensed real estate agent and mortgage consulting services to a home buyer. The second team member is primarily responsible for the mortgage loan coordination. The third team member is primarily responsible for the mortgage loan processing. The first team member is compensated for providing the mortgage consulting services.
A method for synchronizing activities during design of an industrial automated system wherein the automated system includes a plurality of different features and the design of the automated system requires at least first and second different information types, the method comprising the steps of using a first software program to specify a first type system definition including a set of first information type instances corresponding to the automated system, after the first type system definition has been specified, using a second software program to specify a second type system definition including a set of second information type instances corresponding to the automated system, after the second type system definition has been specified, comparing the first and second system definitions to identify system features supported by only one of the first and second type system definitions and where only one of the first and second type system definitions supports a system feature, the second software program providing notice to the first software program indicating that the first and second type system definitions are imperfectly correlated.
Operational activities of an enterprise are managed by producing a data record comprising a contingent performance deliverable (CPD) that specifies a set of rights and obligations for two or more parties to the CPD with respect to operational activities of the parties to the CPD, wherein the rights and obligations are defined over a set of uncertain potential future events (SPFE). The CPD is processed to provide an evaluation of likely result of the specified rights and obligations of the parties to the CPD with respect to operational activities of at least one organizational entity comprising an analysis entity, and with respect to sources of uncertainty related to the operational activities of the analysis entity over the SPFE. An output report is generated in accordance with the evaluation.
A system includes a structure information obtaining unit which obtains structure information containing information on components of a development target in a project and on dependency relationships between the components, the structure information described, e.g., in SysML, a work item determining unit which determines work items and a work execution order based on the structure information obtained by the structure information obtaining unit; a detailed item determining unit; a date scheduling unit and a WBS storage which manages the determined work items and work execution order as work schedule definition information. The work item determining unit determines a work item related to a leaf component, which is a component not including any other component, and determines, in a case where all of the multiple components included in a single predetermined component are leaf components, a work item related to a coupling relationship between the leaf components.
The present invention relates to managing a multi-directional advertising value chain and effectively managing a very large number of partnerships where each partner can, over time, fulfill any and all of the piece of that value chain simultaneously. According to the present invention, tracking, accounting, controlling and netting out of compensation for the various pieces of the is flexible enough to dynamically adjust any piece of the advertising value chain as business relationships evolve.
A system and method for allowing a plurality of Sellers of real estate to either list their real estate By Owner or By Agent. Those Sellers that list By Owner may select a time period after which their property may be converted to a By Agent listing. By Owner Sellers may choose to push their listing to only Agents that specialize in selling a particular type of property within the geographic region of the property. Agents may also offer their services to By Owner Sellers that have listed properties matching the Agent's specialty. Real estate Buyers may, through a single interface, access all properties that meet the Buyers' criteria, whether listed By Owner or By Agent.
Methods, systems, and techniques for marketing products are provided. Example embodiments provide an Incentive Card Program System (ICPS), which enables vendors to attract potential customers to product displays. In one embodiment, the ICPS comprises an incentive card program along with services in the form of hardware, software, or firmware to implement the functions of the program running for example on a computing system associated with product displays, such as a kiosk. In some embodiments, the ICPS optionally includes a portal, accessible over a network such as the Internet, for incentive card holders to obtain information related to their incentive cards. These components cooperate to provide services relating to incentive card programs. This abstract is provided to comply with rules requiring an abstract, and it is submitted with the intention that it will not be used to interpret or limit the scope or meaning of the claims.
Group profiling with offers distributed through affinity groups is provided. Each affinity group has members who have pre-existing relationships with the affinity group. Savings offers from sponsors are distributed to affinity group members. A member of an affinity group accesses and receives one or more offers through a forum, such as a website, established by the same affinity group. Each distributed offer includes an identifier that is associated with a product and is associated with the affinity group of the member receiving the offer. Upon redemption of an offer at a store, redemption data is recorded and used for profiling the affinity group associated with the identifier of the redeemed offer. The group profiling enables sponsors to find the reach, relevance, and influence of the affinity groups and enables affinity groups to find the most valued offers for their members.
The present invention provides a system and method for using key-value pairing to identify uniquely a communication device on a mobile network. In some embodiments a user of the device visits the mobile network site of a publisher. The publisher sends header information received from the device to an inventoried content delivery service (ICDS). The ICDS analyzes the header information associated with the device and forwarded by the publisher. The ICDS locates a key-value pair in the header data that can be uniquely associated with the device, and stores the exact value of the key-value pair in a database. The ICDS then may use that value as an index for accumulating information accompanying the value. Thus, the ICDS learns about the actions taken on the mobile network using the device, and can use this information in a variety of ways.
The present disclosure relates to methods and systems for developing, implementing, transforming, and governing a business model of an enterprise. In some embodiments, a method of implementing and managing a business model of an enterprise includes defining a business model using a business model tool that is executed by a computer, wherein the business model is based on interrelated business strategy, business goal and business constraint data, and includes a business service, inputting into the computer a first set of data representing a benchmark performance value of the business service, and operating the enterprise in accordance with the business model. The enterprise is monitored to determine an actual performance value of the business service, and the actual performance value and the benchmark performance value are processed in the computer to affect a comparison therebetween. The business model is modified based on the comparison.
A computer system is configured to implement efficient marketing campaigns across a plurality of platforms to a plurality of consumers. The computer comprising memory and a processor for storing an executing instructions for implementing the marketing campaign. The memory includes a community manager, campaign manager, content management system and rules engine. The community manager is configured to allow a user to manage and dynamically segment the plurality consumers. The campaign manager is configured to allow the user to establish a plurality of marketing campaigns for targeting at least a predefined segment of the plurality of consumers, each of the marketing campaigns including a plurality of different tactics. The content management system is configured to allow the user to create, host and manage content in real-time for the marketing campaign. The rules engine is configured to implement one or both of different tactics or different campaigns in accordance a predefined set of rules, each rule defining a trigger event and corresponding rule criteria. The processor is further configured to implement the rules when the trigger event is detected and the rules criteria are met, thereby facilitating cross-platform integration.
A system that incorporates teachings of the present disclosure may include, for example, a monitoring system having a controller to receive a consumption notice indicating whether marketing content supplied by a media communication system to a media processor has been properly consumed by the media processor according to a presentation time indicator associated with the marketing content. Other embodiments are disclosed.
A method, performed by a mobile device, may include receiving transponder information relating to a consumer product, and verifying whether user consent exists to forward the transponder information to a network device for data mining processing. The method may further include transmitting the transponder information to the network device, when user consent exists.
The present disclosure details apparatuses, methods, and systems for a donation-coordinating electronic market platform that coordinates interactions and transactions between platform participants to facilitate the allocation of charitable donations based on consumer purchases. The platform sits at the intersection between charitable giving and retail transacting that is enabled by web-tools, search technology and electronic transaction processing. As such many new relationships are formed by the creation of a new set of technology links and functionality. The platform is configurable to collect, maintain, and update profile information for all participating entities; to link sales, marketing, advertising, and financial settlement; to track and report on consumer purchases, charitable donations, and advertising efficacy; and to build consumer loyalty while fostering a donation momentum that streamlines and maximizes the impact of charitable giving across market sectors.
A system and method for providing advertising media to consumers is described. The system comprising image capture means, an image processing unit connected to the image capture means. In use, the image processing unit executing one or more pattern recognition algorithms on an image received from the image capture means to extract information from the image relating to consumers in the image. The system compiling a list of attributes associated with an individual consumer based on the extracted information. The system including an advertising media database, an advertising selection unit connected to the image processing unit and the advertising media database. In use the advertising selection unit selecting advertising media from the advertising media database based on the list of attributes. The system also including an advertising delivery unit connected to the advertising selection unit for delivering advertising media selected by the advertising selection unit.
A method for associating transaction card accounts with life stage segments is described. The method includes analyzing survey results to define the plurality of life stage segments based on at least one of demographics, transaction categories, and card usage. The method further includes creating at least one spending profile for a life stage target group that includes transaction card holders within at least one of the defined life stages for which a marketing campaign is targeted, developing a survey-based life stage model based on the target group and the profiles, creating a transaction data-based life stage model by applying the survey-based life stage model to a portion of the transaction data, applying the transaction-based life stage model to the transaction data to identifies cardholder accounts included within the life stage target group, and ranking the transaction card accounts stored within the database based on a likelihood the accounts are included within the target group.
A computer-based method for enrolling financial transaction cardholders into a payment card program that includes features that are directed to an empty nester segment of society is described. The method includes creating at least one spending profile representing an empty nester target group. The empty nester target group includes transaction cardholders within the empty nester segment of society targeted for receiving a marketing campaign. The method also includes storing in the database transaction data for transaction card accounts, identifying cardholders included within the empty nester target group by comparing the transaction data to the at least one empty nester spending profile, and offering a payment card program having at least one rewards feature directed to the empty nester segment of society to the cardholders identified as being within the empty nester target group.
A method for using a computer to execute the electronic transformation of data into a visual depiction, the method comprising the steps of recording the values of a plurality of data points during a data period; recording the creation sequence of the data points; executing the electronic transformation of the plurality of data points into a visual depiction by using a computer; displaying the extreme values of the data points by using a first substantially straight line having two tips such that a first tip of the first substantially straight line represents the upper extreme and the second tip of the substantially straight line represents the lower extreme; displaying the first data point of the data period by using a second substantially straight line that is substantially perpendicular to the first substantially straight line; displaying the last data point of the data period by using a third substantially straight line that is substantially perpendicular to the first substantially straight line; indicating the first extreme value by using a fourth substantially straight line that connects a first tip of the second substantially straight line to the tip of the first substantially straight line that designates the first extreme value; indicating the first data point of a closing timeframe and the last data point of the closing timeframe by using a fifth substantially straight line that connects a first tip of the third substantially straight line to a point on the first substantially straight line; displaying a value scale at the same time and in combination with displaying the first substantially straight line.
In accordance with one embodiment of the invention, mystery shopping data may now be used in conjunction with customer satisfaction data to determine customer loyalty results. For example, two different surveys can be conducted: 1) a customer satisfaction survey of actual customers; and 2) a mystery shopper survey of store operational performance, assessing specific behaviors. The information can then be used to determine how a change in operations can affect the customer loyalty. Furthermore, other financial determinations that depend on customer loyalty can be determined as well in accordance with other embodiments.
Systems for rating leads are presented. A lead providing service preferably provides a tagging interface that allows users interested in leads to assign the leads one or more tags. The tags represent metrics by which one or more leads can be rated by other users. A rating interface is also provided to allow users to rate the leads with respect to the tags by setting a rating value according to a rating scale. Leads are presented to users along with the tags and tag ratings that calculated from the rating values submitted by users.
Methods of providing leads are presented. A lead database storing leads is made available, possibly via a lead mining service, where leads comprise closing values and attributes that have attributes values or attribute metadata describing the attributes. Lead purchasers can modify the closing values or attributes of the leads as they work the leads. An analytics engine can derive one or more value drivers for a lead purchaser based on a multi-varitate analysis of the closing values and attributes of the leads. Sources of leads can be assigned trust scores that indicate a measure of confidence that the source can provide leads according to the purchaser's value drivers.
A flow line storage stores flow line data of each customer obtained by tracking a behavior of each customer in a store, by adding time data on an estimated time of payment made by each customer. A transaction data storage stores transaction data for each customer including records of items purchased by each customer, by adding time data on an estimated time of payment made by each customer. A combination unit determines a combination in which a difference between time data is minimum, for each piece of flow line data stored in the flow line storage and each piece of transaction data stored in the transaction data storage. A correlating unit correlates the flow line data and transaction data combined by the combination unit.
A process for determining object level profitability includes the steps of (1) preparing information to be accessed electronically, (2) establishing rules for processing the prepared information, (3) calculating at least one marginal value of profit using established rules as applied to a selected set of prepared information, (4) calculating a fully absorbed value of profit adjustment using established rules as applied to the selected set of prepared information, and (5) combining the at least one marginal value of profit and fully absorbed value of profit adjustment to create a measure for object level profitability. The inventive process gives management profit measures tailored to its need for accurate decision oriented profit information required to manage a large organization based on profit measurement.
A change management system and method is disclosed. The change management system maintains an integrated database. The integrated database includes a change management database that stores a collaborative project and information related to changes to the collaborative project, a knowledge database that stores information sources to help a user resolve a change request, and an incentive accounts database that stores incentive accounts associated with users of the change management system. The change management system also includes a search engine to search the integrated database for information related to a change request, and an interactive social network interface for accessing experts over an interactive social network. This change management system provides an integrated knowledge management system, support and management of peer interactions over a social network, and an incentive component to encourage productive collaborations.
A method is presented for increasing sales by inducing the customer to interact with a product that attracts their interest, even if that interest is minimal or transient. The method utilizes a display monitor placed close to a product that shows an informational presentation on the product, but only when activated by a customer. The presentation is activated when a customer touches the display. The monitor and activation means are placed close to the product, rather than elsewhere in the store, sufficiently close that a customer located within viewing distance and within touching distance of the product can also reach out and activate the presentation without taking a step. The display is placed at a convenient height for easy viewing, and so that the customer may touch and examine the product while viewing and listening to the presentation.
The apparatus for accomplishing this method meets engineering and functional requirements associated with deployment in a store where many products compete for space. The apparatus is compact, preferably uses an electrical battery for power and is optimized to reduce its power consumption to a low level.
The automatic online printing and enveloping system at recipient's post office or home for receiving mail or advertisements via internet is system provides a service which requires the sender to create an email account in order to sign in the email webpage. Then this online system forward email to the recipient or to the nearest post office where it is printed, enveloped, and delivered by postman like other mail. This ePostal service is also suitable for email recipients who live in remote location where Internet is not available or for those people who still want to correspond in mail, but hate walking to the post office.
Systems are described for a guide of audio, video, multimedia transmission, receiving and playback with advertising and bi-directional fulfillment of goods and services over the Internet. A method of streaming content distribution includes streaming content from a plurality of streaming content sources; streaming advertisement from a plurality of streaming advertisement sources before, during, and after playback of streamed content; requesting streaming content by a user; locating streaming content with a guide; and communicating bi-directionally with users. A streaming content distribution system includes a streaming content guide through which a user locates a source of streaming content and starts playback of streaming content; data on streaming content; data on network locations of streaming content; and data on access characteristics.
The present invention relates to systems and methods for providing advertisements on websites. In an embodiment, a method for providing an advertisement on a website includes obtaining purchase information submitted by a user making a purchase on the website, determining at least one advertisement for a product or service related to the purchase but of a different type than the purchase, and displaying the at least one advertisement on the website when the purchase is completed. In another embodiment, a system for providing an advertisement on a website includes a purchase server, an advertisement source, an analyzer, and an advertisement server.
A system and method for preventing unauthorized use of sales leads. Application information is gathered from an applicant after the applicant views an Internet ad or other advertisement. The application information may include the applicant's e-mail address and phone number. At least one pseudo e-mail address or phone number is then created that identifies at least some of the application information and a potential purchaser of the application information. A unique pseudo e-mail address or phone number is created for each potential purchaser of the application information. The pseudo e-mail addresses or phone numbers and at least some of the application information are then provided to potential purchasers of the application information. Any communications sent using the pseudo e-mail addresses or phone numbers are initially directed to a mail server or phone system operated by or under the control of the entity that placed the advertisement. If a potential purchaser attempts to contact an applicant with the pseudo e-mail address or phone number without first paying for the application information, the e-mail or phone call is sent to the entity which generated the lead, not the applicant. Once a potential purchaser purchases the application information, communications made by the potential purchaser using the pseudo e-mail address are forwarded to the applicant's actual e-mail address.
A system and method, such as an interface, for real time consolidation of currency between two or more reward programs. The interface allows a participant to consolidate in real time currency of one program in which a participant has an account with currency of one or more other programs in which the participant also has an account. Thus, the participant can selectively combine the currencies from two or more programs for redemption via one of the programs.
Technologies are described herein for cross promoting real objects in a real world and virtual objects in a virtual world. A redemption code is received from a first participant in the virtual world. A virtual object corresponding to the redemption code is provided to the first participant. A request for information regarding the real object is received from a second participant of the virtual world and via the virtual object. Upon receiving the request via the virtual object, information regarding the real object is provided to the second participant and via the virtual object.
This is a system to assist shoppers through a handheld wireless communications device which is Bluetooth-enabled (as an example) (a registered trademark), connected to a barcode reader to scan Universal Product Code (UPC) barcodes on items in the store. The shopper is required to login to the store's shopping system using this device once a personal account has created. While shopping, scan the items, view their prices and running total and finally complete the purchase. This system is also capable of (as an example) consolidating a personal shopping list created remotely through vendor's web site or stored on the personal communication device and the shopping cart to help and enhance the shopping experience.
The invention relates to discount and prize distribution methods and to a system for carrying out said method. The aim of said invention is to increase the interest of clients in buying at points of sale and in using services where they are provided by using the inventive system and method. The clients are attracted by that, while paying a good or service, a client could receive, with a certain probability, a product discount or a prize. For this purpose, the inventive system combines a price fixing means with means for generating a lottery sample in such a way that, while paying a good, a random sampling of elements is carried out and, when said sample coincides with a predetermined sample, the client takes the opportunity of discount. The probability of the occurrence of the predetermined combination can be modified in a manner which is external with respect to the system and according to different conditions by activating an input incorporated into the means for generating a lottery sample.
Methods and apparatus (systems) for effectively and efficiently creating green credit backed micro green credits utilizing the same regulatory agencies that certify green credits.
A computerized method of the establishing and managing of a hierarchical social network directed at the distributing of services using a network marketing module through a web based application. The computerized method may include: a) registering as an expert, mediator, customer and the like; b) upgrading user capabilities by becoming a community manager; c) distributing services to community members directly, or through a mediator; and d) managing a commission archives
A targeted advertising system and method based on memes contained in content sources are disclosed. Content matching keywords-defining topics are identified from content sources and are further processed to extract the memes. Ad networks servicing the content are also identified and their reach for each meme determined. The system and method extract also viral dynamics of the content associated to a meme and use the aggregation of the viral dynamics as a measure of engagement level for the meme. The system and method allow a Marketer to select a meme based on the engagement level and to run an ad campaign against the meme. The advertisements are delivered through an Ad network and inserted at the meme page level when the content hosting the meme is accessed, the Ad network being selected based on its reach.
Methods and systems are provided that allow advertisers to custom define questions that are delivered to people through a digital media experience. Subsequent to answering the questions, consumers are shown advertisements based on their answers to one or more of the questions.
A remote ordering system is provided using an electronic menu having a series of input devices associated with various menu items, and a wireless transmitter to send selected menu items to a receiving device for processing. A display to show selected menu items, an alpha-numeric keyboard, a non-cash payment device, and a printer for receipts are also contemplated for increased functionality. The menu may be remotely updated to reflect the customer's preferences or a change to the menu choices.
This invention relates to an advertisement machine which provides advertisements to a user searching for desired information within a data network. The machine receives, from the user, a search request including a search argument corresponding to the desired information and searches, based upon the received search argument, a first database having data network related information to generate search results. It also correlates the received search argument to a particular advertisement in a second database having advertisement related information. The search results together with the particular advertisement are provided by the machine to the user.
The Calorie Counting POS System is a software value addition to current POS systems with price look-ups. Food item entry generates a parallel look up into the Calorie Data Register (Calorie Data Table), subroutine ads all calorie entries, ads total calorie count of the order, displays it and prints it with regular information such as total price, taxes, method of payment. This printed information gives a valuable record to the customer of total consumed calories.
A retail checkout station includes a housing having at least a front wall that defines a first substantially vertical surface, a first side wall that defines a second substantially vertical surface, and a second side wall that defines a third substantially vertical surface. A product scanning portion is provided at the housing. The product scanning portion includes a scanning device for scanning products purchased by a consumer. A user interface portion having a display is also provided at the housing. The retail checkout station further includes a product load sensor mounted to one of the first, second and third substantially vertical surfaces of the housing.
A system that authorizes a financial transaction is presented. During operation, the system receives a request to authorize accounts associated with one or more financial instruments to be used to fulfill the financial transaction. Next, the system determines a transaction location at which the financial transaction is being performed. The system then determines whether the accounts are authorized to be used at the transaction location. If so, the system authorizes the accounts to be used to fulfill the financial transaction.
System for conducting a financial transaction with a single financial presentation device linked to multiple financial accounts stores financial account information of multiple financial accounts associated with the presentation device, and a set of predetermined rules for determining which of the financial accounts is to be used to conduct a financial transaction. A linked-account processing program receives an authorization request for the financial transaction which has been initiated at a merchant's computer using the presentation device. The program determines whether the presentation device is associated with multiple financial accounts, and if so, selects one account among the multiple linked financial accounts based on the predetermined set of rules, and routes the authorization request to an issuer of the selected financial account.
The present invention provides a system of order fulfillment that utilizes an order station, a separate fulfillment station, and a separate payment station. The order station presents the consumer with options for placing an order and upon the consumer's completion of the order issues a fulfillment receipt for the order. The consumer pays for the order at the order station, the separate payment station, or the fulfillment station. The consumer then presents the fulfillment receipt at a fulfillment station where the order is fulfilled and provided to the consumer.
A transponder-initiated transaction system is electromagnetically coupled to an account transponder device at the point of sale. The account transponder device may be embedded within a watch, key chain or other personal article for convenience or affinity. The transponder device may communicate account information to an RF-enabled point of sale device, enabling transactions to take place without resort to remote data processing facilities. In other embodiments partial or complete account information may be accessed or stored at co-located or remote sources. New account registrants may access a Web site to enter a transponder ID and activate a new account, which may be a credit account, debit account, cash account, special purpose vending account, or other types of accounts.
A smart card application system and method are disclosed. A method includes controlling access to first restricted data stored at a database server of a transaction processing system. The first restricted data is associated with a commercial transaction. Access to the first restricted data is granted upon receipt of a first merchant code associated with a first merchant and a first user identification code associated with a smart card.
Connection of a USB memory (storage device) to a USB port (data transmitting and receiving unit) is detected and the date and time of detection of this connection is stored. Using this detection of connection as trigger, a camera is caused to pick up an image of an area embracing a user positioned in a position where the user can operate a user interface. Picked-up image data outputted from the camera is stored together with shooting date and time.
When decoding a datacode based on moving image data output from an image sensing device, moving image data output from the image sensing device is input. An image display output unit processes the moving image data and displays it on the display screen of a display as a real-time moving image.
Embodiments of the invention relate to systems and methods for supplying ink or toner cartridges to a customer as part of a cartridge purchase program. One embodiment is directed to a method that involves receiving, in a receptacle, a used ink or toner cartridge from a customer, identifying the customer from customer identification information associated with the receptacle, and identifying the model of the used cartridge. The method further involves sending a replacement ink or toner cartridge to the customer of the same model as the used cartridge, and billing the customer for the replacement ink or toner cartridge.
Methods and systems for facilitating an online value exchange transaction are disclosed. One method includes delivering a link for display by a service provider, the link affiliated with an exchange facilitator and unaffiliated with the service provider. The method further includes, upon selection of the link, redirecting a user of the service provider to the exchange facilitator. The method further includes receiving information regarding a value exchange between the user and a subscriber of the exchange facilitator. The method also includes requesting that the user accept one or more terms of the value exchange. The method includes performing an electronic transfer according to the one or more terms of the value exchange accepted by the user. Methods and systems for providing and obtaining payment are disclosed as well.
A method for purchasing a value item using near field communication (NFC) includes placing a NFC enabled data communication device of a buyer of the item in close proximity to a NFC enabled data communication device of a seller of the item, the devices being interoperable to establish a NFC communication link between the devices when placed in close proximity to each other, transferring a request for payment for the item from the seller's device to the buyer's device via the NFC link, and transmitting the payment request, together a buyer's authorization therefor, to a third party service provider via a network. In response to receipt of the transmission, the service provider transfers money in an amount equal to the purchase price of the item from a funding account of the buyer to a receiving account of the seller and sends the parties a message confirming the transfer.
An electronic payment system includes a mobile apparatus, such as a mobile phone, with a memory for storing a list of electronic payment accounts that may be used to complete an electronic payment transaction. The electronic payment system further includes a merchant terminal that can receive the account list from the mobile apparatus. The merchant terminal retrieves account-related information for the accounts on the received account list and returns the account-related information to the mobile apparatus. The mobile apparatus uses the information from the merchant terminal to generate a set of payment method candidates. The set of candidates are presented to the user for selecting a payment method to be used. The payment method is sent to the merchant terminal for use in completing the pending transaction.
Adaptive lead pricing systems are presented. Users of a lead mining service can use a lead attribute interface to modify a lead's attributes where the attributes can include an attribute value of the lead attribute or attribute metadata bound to the lead attribute. As leads are worked, an analytic engine tracks attribute values and attribute metadata as they vary with time with respect to closing values of the leads. The analytic engine derives correlations among the closing values of the leads, the attribute values, and the attribute metadata by using multi-variate testing techniques. The correlations can be used to adapt a sales price of the lead to form a current price at which the lead is offered to a lead purchaser through a purchasing interface.
A method of associating a particular purchase with a content provider includes the step of receiving first data from the content provider after a client selects a reference which is provided at the content provider and is associated with a particular entity. The first data includes first information which identifies the content provider, second information which is associated with the particular entity, and third information which is associated with the client. The method also includes the step of receiving second data from the particular entity after the client purchases a good or service, or both, associated with the particular entity. The second data includes fourth information which is associated with the client. Moreover, the method includes the steps of determining that the client which selected the reference is associated with the client which made the purchase based on the third information and the fourth information, and associating the purchase with the content provider based on the first data and the second data.
A processing system and method for processing purchase orders between a purchaser and a merchant across a public network. The processing system including a purchaser account database for storing purchaser account information for each purchaser and including at least a purchaser identifier and delivery data associated with the purchaser identifier, a programming for monitoring the status of the purchaser account database and disabling the account database in response to a monitored change in the purchaser account information, and a processor for receiving the purchase orders and processing the orders.
A method to intuitively and quickly retrieve travel related information and gain access to providers of travel related services. The method is especially suitable for quickly finding non-stop airplane flights and connecting to airline reservation systems in as few as two clicks to access an airline reservation system to book a non-stop airplane flight. A user selects points such as airports on map-based displays and is presented with information pertaining to travel between, and services near, the selected points, such as airlines, lodging, car rentals, etc.
Lead mining services and methods are presented. A lead mining service stores leads having attributes, a history, or a closing value in a database and allows lead consumers to defined policies for acceptable leads. The service provides leads to the lead consumers according to their defined lead policies. Each consumer can work a lead by modifying lead attributes, or closing values. Based on how consumers work leads, an analytic engine associated with the service can discover or establish trends from leads having acceptable closing values. The trend information can be used to form a predication comprising a set of one or more leads that are predicted to have acceptable closing values for the lead consumers were the set of leads fail to satisfy the consumer's lead policies. Contemplated lead mining services identify leads that would ordinarily be overlooked or fall outside the scope of a lead policy.
A method of managing images between computers over a network. The method includes receiving a first product description and a first image location of the first product, the first image location referencing a first storage computer on the network; receiving a second product description and a second image location of the second product, the second image location referencing a second storage computer on the network; retrieving the first image from the first storage computer based on the first image location; producing a first thumbnail image from the first image; retrieving the second image from second first storage computer based on the second image location; producing a second thumbnail image from the second image; periodically reloading the first image and the second image in order to obtain any changes that were made to the first image and the second image; and updating the first thumbnail image and the second thumbnail image.
A computer system and method of facilitating a sale which permits inventory information to be used in connection with a technology enabled selling (TES) system to facilitate a sale. The inventory information may be used during configuration of an item to be sold to a customer in a manner which allows the sales representative to more easily sell items from inventory if desired.
Methods and apparatus to survey a retail environment are disclosed herein. A disclosed example method involves moving a cart in a retail establishment having a camera. The method also involves capturing a first image of a first area and a second image of a second area. A stitched image is generated based on the first and second images. The stitched image is associated with product codes based on products appearing in the stitched image.
Transaction management for financial institution-based transactions is facilitated in various example embodiments. According to one such embodiment, a transaction management approach involves the processing of financial aspects of a transaction using transaction rules associated with a buyer for auditing the transaction and any associated invoices. A processor arrangement processes transactions for merchant offerings subject to a related set of inventory data by auditing the transactions relative to inventory data corresponding to an inventory to which the transaction applies and stored contract data for the transaction, by processing payment in response thereto, and by assessing a processing fee against one or more parties to the transaction.
A method and apparatus for a pull back optimizer in conjunction with an inventory management system allows for efficient retrieval of return assemblies for optimized parts fulfillment. The inventory management system includes a return assembly inventory and a list of parts needed for order fulfillment. The return assembly inventory lists the part numbers and quantities of parts in each return assembly. The pull back optimizer allows a user of the inventory management system to efficiently determine the optimal return systems to pull back to production for parts fulfillment to minimize the impact on those using the return assemblies.
A method and system for providing mobile inventory control service using a mobile communication terminal are provided. The method for providing mobile inventory control service includes receiving a text message containing goods information from a mobile communication terminal of a seller; searching for goods corresponding to the received goods information; and setting an inventory status of the searched goods to an out-of-stock status or ending the out-of-stock status.
A system for managing electronic receipts is provided. According to one aspect, the system includes a portable device, a base device, a user device and an electronic receipts administration system. The electronic receipts administration system provides the base device with the appropriate data to allow the base device to generate, store and manage electronic receipts accordingly. A user uses the portable device to conduct a transaction with the base device. The base device uses a variety of information to generate an electronic receipt for the transaction. Such information includes, for example, information stored on the portable device, information stored locally on the base device and information stored on another device such as an electronic cash register. The electronic receipt is then stored on the portable device. The user device allows the user to subsequently retrieve the electronic receipt for management purposes.
A system for compensating an employee before a payroll period is complete is presented. During operation, the system receives a request from the employee to be compensated before a payroll period is complete for uncompensated work which has been already performed. The system then determines whether the employee can be compensated for such uncompensated work. If so, the system determines the value of the uncompensated performed work and compensates the employee for the uncompensated performed work. The system also records the fact that the employee was compensated for the uncompensated performed work.
The present invention relates to the field of enhanced electrical receptacles (outlets) and plugs. It is comprised of a system to identify and validate the user with acknowledgement of authorization. Power is supplied to authorized users and their power usage can be monitored, stored, and communicated to a remote device. Said usage can be used to charge the user a fee or to assess work efficiency.
Methods and apparatus, including computer program products, for social networking services integrated with gift card services. In general, a profile of a member of a social networking service may be presented with one or more merchant credit services for prepaid merchant account credit, data characterizing a request to provide a credit service from the merchant credit services and a mobile phone number associated with an intended recipient of the first credit service may be received, and a message may be caused to be sent to the mobile phone number, where the message characterizes provision of the first credit service to the intended recipient. Interest in the credit service may be tracked and associated with a loyalty indicator associated with the member.
A system and method for the distribution of electronic media content to consumers is disclosed. A portal for the distribution of media content and advertisements to a user's device is provided. Media content and advertisements are displayed on the user's device such that the user views the advertisement while engaging with the media content. An administrative system coordinates the relationships between media content providers, advertisers, and users, and the receipt and provision of content throughout the system. The system and method disclosed provide for a cost-per-time advertising model, wherein the advertiser is charged an advertising fee as a function of the length of time that the advertisement is displayed to the user.
In at least one aspect of the invention, systems are provided that comprise at least one computing device coupled to a plurality of other computing devices that are operable to retrieve market data for a plurality of risk reversals for a currency pair, determine a currency in which to quote skew for each of the risk reversals at a first time, determine that there has been a change in skew, and cause an interface screen to be displayed at least one of the other computing devices with a listing comprising the first and second risk reversals, the market data, and an indication of the change in skew of the at least one of the risk reversals.
Methods of enabling many, including the general public to convert their assets to stocks, such as common or preferred shares, bonds, warrants, etc., by providing an Entity which can accept assets in exchange for its stocks. Creating a market for said assets, for liquidating those without an efficient conventional market, especially after transferred to the entity is one adjunct to the methods. Providing a market for said stocks is another adjunct. Various other features to make the method appealing, acceptable to provides and users are introduced.
Disclosed are systems and methods for effecting international online financial transactions between individuals or between individuals and entities such as banks, merchants and other companies. In one embodiment, requests for international currency exchanges are processed in batch form. A currency accumulator may be used to keep track of currency exchange requests, where each currency is assigned a notional bucket, which is a symbolic representation of a database entry for the monetary amount which has been requested to be exchanged for a given currency. When the contents of a particular currency's bucket reaches a given level, the monetary amount in the bucket may be exchanged for an equivalent amount of a second currency.
A one step method for transferring money from a sender to a recipient includes entering information relating to the transfer into a near field communication (NFC) enabled data communication device of the sender and then placing the sender's device in close proximity to a NFC enabled data communication device of the recipient. The sender's device is operable when placed in contact with or close proximity to the recipient's device to 1) establish an NFC link between the two devices, 2) gather information relating to the recipient from the recipient's device via the NFC link, and 3) transmit the information relating to the transfer and the recipient to a third party service provider via another network, such as the Internet, and thereby cause the service provider to transfer the money from a funding account of the sender to a receiving account of the recipient.
In systems which execute transactions with an ATM using an IC card in which plural account information is registered in advance, one or more transaction information and intended use information indicating the intended uses of transactions to be executed by the ATM based on the transaction information are associated with each other and are registered as transaction data in the storage section of the IC card, so as to certainly prevent transactions or selections of accounts which are not intended by the user from being erroneously executed. Prior to the execution of transactions by the ATM, the transaction data is read out for the ATM and the intended use information included in the transaction data are displayed along with said transaction information included in the transaction data, in a transaction selection screen on the ATM.
A two step method for transferring money from a sender to a recipient includes entering information relating to the transfer into a near field communication (NFC) enabled device of the sender. The device is then placed in contact with or close proximity to a recipient's device a first time, causing the sender's device to establish an NFC link between the two devices and to gather information relating to the recipient via the NFC link. The sender's device is then placed in contact with or close proximity to the recipient's device a second time, causing it to transmit the information relating to the transfer and the recipient to a third party service provider via another network, e.g., the Internet, thereby causing the service provider to transfer the money from an account of the sender to an account of the recipient.
The method of transferring data between a first and a second set of elements via a switch that includes a set of paths each associated with a weighting coefficient representing a data stream for each path. The method includes a credit flow control between the first set of elements and the switch and a credit flow control between the switch and the second set of elements. An available credit coefficient is computed for each element of the first set on the basis of a credit allocated by each element of the second set and of the weighting coefficient of each path.
The method and system of the invention provide a variety of techniques for using a selected alias and a selected personal identification entry (PIE) in conjunction with use of a transaction card, such as a credit card, debit card or stored value card, for example. A suitable number or other identification parameter is selected by the account-holder as an alias. The account-holder is then required to choose a PIE for security purposes. The alias is linked to the account-holder's credit card number via a database. When the account-holder enters into a transaction with a merchant, the physical card need not be present. The account-holder simply provides his or her alias and then the PIE. This can be done at any point of sale such as a store, catalog telephone order, or over the Internet. The alias and PIE are entered and authorization is returned from the credit card company.
A system for facilitating commercial exchange of packages of electronic health records, including practice nodes in communication with one another via a peer to peer network, each practice node having a plurality of electronic medical records including medical data and patient identification data, a digital marketplace server including software for receiving a query for medical data from a user and identifying practice nodes having the medical data responsive to the query, software executing on the practice nodes for generating summaries of the medical data responsive to the query, blinding the summaries and transferring the blinded summaries to the digital marketplace server, software executing on the server for displaying the blinded summaries and receiving an order for the medical data described in the blinded summaries, and software executing on the practice nodes for blinding electronic medical records containing the ordered medical data and transferring the blinded medical data to the user.
The present invention extends to methods, systems, and computer program products for pre-performing operations for accessing protected content. Cryptographic user key pairs can be pre-generated and distributed in response to a variety of different events prior to provisioning client machine for accessing protected content. Usage licenses can be pre-generated and allocated prior to requests for usage licenses. Usage licenses can be pre-obtained for client machines prior to client machines access protected content. Pre-performed operations can be performed in response to detected events, such as, for example, reduced resource consumption in a Digital Rights Management system.
This document describes tools capable of renewing an expired license to entertainment content. The tools, in some embodiments, may repeatedly renew a license using very little resources, such as by forgoing retention of the license, encryption keys, or the entertainment content between renewals. The tools, for example, may provide a license to a particular content receiver (e.g., a laptop computer), and, when that license expires, renew the license with as little as a single retained secret. By so doing the tools enable, among other things, fewer computing resources to be used in renewing a license while maintaining the security of that license's entertainment content.
A method and apparatus for symmetric verification of a client device and a web site are described. In one embodiment, the method comprises receiving an identity verification request for an electronic transaction between a client device and a website. In one embodiment, the method may also comprise verifying an identity of both a user associated with the client device and the web site using symmetric verification, and transmitting verification results to the web site and the client device.
A service marketplace system is disclosed for searching and finding service orders and offers, governing the negotiations and conclusions of service agreements between a number of service providers and service users, and which includes an after sale support web service interface to promote to sale of goods in remote online shops by offering related services.
An after sale support web service interface allows a remote online shop's proprietor to incorporate an online search for product-related services available at customers' locations offered on the independent service marketplace. The search results may be displayed on the remote online shop's website along with the product offers the services relate to.
Product-related services are mainly assembly, installation, maintenance and repair services for certain products.
This process is designed to supplement current financing methods for general collateral with a secure vehicle (Collateral Receipt) that can be delivered vs. payment via the Federal Reserve's Book Entry system and or through the Depository Trust Company. It is further designed to allow for the Collateral Receipt to be fully netting eligible by FICC without the requirement that cash providers agree to clearing fund requirements or mutualization of loss. A Collateral Receipt would be an obligation issued by an organization such as a registered clearing corporation which would represent ownership in a pool of collateral that is priced and maintained by that organization. The process involves calculating a collateral value for the securities issue using an initial price, electronically delivering the instructions to a clearing bank, transmitting a value of the securities issue to an issuer, whereupon the issuer issues a collateral receipt in exchange for the securities issue.
Included are embodiments for providing investment data. One embodiment of a method includes providing an interface with predetermined criteria and at least one field, the at least one field configured to receive user input, the interface configured to provide investment data for at least one piece of property and receiving user input for the at least one field. Some embodiments include automatically determining investment data for the at least one piece of property, based on the received user input for the at least one field.
A method and apparatus for operating a meter uniquely associated with a physical location are provided. The method includes monitoring a communication channel for a message from a remote device and identifying an initial message directed to the meter uniquely associated with the physical location, establishing a communication session with a data manager in response to the initial message from the remote device, receiving configuration information from the data manager, the configuration information associated with operation of the meter and uniquely associated with the physical location of the meter, and transmitting meter operating data to the data manager, wherein the meter is self-powered.
A device comprising a housing in the shape of a fashion accessory, the housing having a hollow interior, a top portion, and a bottom portion, wherein the hollow interior extends from the bottom portion to the top portion of the housing. A light source module is removeably attached to the top portion of the housing and extends substantially downward within the hollow interior toward the bottom portion. A handle is attached to the top portion of the housing, wherein the handle secures the device to a member within an article having substantially the same shape as the housing, wherein the device illuminates the article interior.
The present invention is a Healthcare Advocacy Program (HAP) that handles financial and administrative issues in healthcare for patients, providers, medical producers, employees and employers. The program advocates for treatment across a total continuum of healthcare, ensuring that proper treatment is provided, that payment for treatment is made, and that proper reimbursements by the payor occur. The program can be used by medical producers to ensure that their products can be obtained; by providers when appealing an MCO denial; by collection companies and by companies that purchase debt; and by employers wishing to have a positive effect on their bottom line.
Methods and systems for granular support vector machines. Granular support vector machines can randomly select samples of datapoints and project the samples of datapoints into a randomly selected subspaces to derive granules. A support vector machine can then be used to identify hyperplane classifiers respectively associated with the granules. The hyperplane classifiers can be used on an unknown datapoint to provide a plurality of predictions which can be aggregated to provide a final prediction associated with the datapoint.
A method is provided for operating a computing device to create a document structure model of a computer parsable text document utilizing recognition of at least one ordered sequence of identifiers in the document. The method includes converting a computer parsable text document of any format to an alternative structured language format to form a converted document. The text of the converted document is fragmented into an ordered sequence of text fragments within a text format. The text fragments are enumerated to obtain a sequence of terms. At least one optimal sub-sequence of terms is identified from among the sequence of terms, with an optimal sub-sequence being one or more longest increasing sub-sequence(s). The computer parsable text document is annotated with tags, with the tags including information derived from identification of the optimal sub-sequence(s). The annotated document is displayed on the graphical user interface.
Systems and methods for performing fraud detection. As an example, a system and method can be configured to contain a raw data repository for storing raw data related to financial transactions. A data store contains rules to indicate how many generations or to indicate a time period within which data items are to be stored in the raw data repository. Data items stored in the raw data repository are then accessed by a predictive model in order to perform fraud detection.
A parallel processing device that computes a hierarchical neural network, the parallel processing device includes: a plurality of units that are identified by characteristic unit numbers that are predetermined identification numbers, respectively; a distribution control section that, in response to input as an input value of an output value outputted from one of the plurality of units through a unit output bus, outputs control data including the input value inputted and a selection unit number that is an identification number to select one unit among the plurality of units to the plurality of units through the unit input bus; and a common storage section that stores in advance coupling weights in a plurality of layers of the hierarchical neural network, the coupling weights being shared by plural ones of the plurality of units. Each of the units includes: a data input section that receives control data as an input from the distribution control section through the unit input bus; a unit number match judgment section that judges as to whether a selection unit number included in the control data inputted in the data input section matches the characteristic unit number; a unit processing section that, based on an input value included in the control data inputted in the data input section, computes by a computing method predetermined for each of the units; and a data output section that, when the unit number match judgment section provides a judgment result indicating matching, outputs a computation result computed by the unit processing section as the output value to the distribution control section through the unit output bus, wherein, based on the coupling weights stored in the common weight storage section, the unit processing section executes computation in a forward direction that is a direction from an input layer to an output layer in the hierarchical neural network, and executes computation in a backward direction that is a direction from the output layer to the input layer, thereby updating the coupling weights.
An analysis supporting apparatus that supports a product analyzing operation, includes a model-data generating unit that generates model data regarding an analysis model of an analysis target component in association with component hierarchy data representing a hierarchy of components forming an analysis target product, and a advice-data generating unit that generates, based on a logic registered in advance, advice data from the model data to improve design with respect to the analysis target product.
Threat assessment modules are disclosed that intelligently review evidence of potential threats posed by detected objects within a region of exo-atmospheric space and generate a most probable threat scenario to facilitate administration of counterspace operations.
A system and method for inferring preconditions for procedures in a program includes formulating predicates based on inputs to a procedure, including formal arguments, global variables and external environment. Truth assignments are sampled to the predicates to provide truth assignments that lead to a feasible set of input values. Test cases are generated for testing the program in accordance with the truth assignments having feasible sets of input values. The truth assignments are classified to the predicates as providing an error or not providing an error.
Embodiments of the disclosed systems and methods establish quantitative and accurate relationships between system features and system objectives. In one embodiment, the systems and methods are particularly suitable to establish the predictive relationships between system fidelity and training objectives. These systems and methods can combine fidelity values defined by end-users, existing theory and research, or objective performance data from experiments. The predictive relationships defined through these methods can feed a model-based decision support tool that helps predict the impact of fidelity on training effectiveness.
An event analysis system monitors information available from both publicly and privately distributed networks of information for events that are relevant to the user's particular business concerns. Those concerns are defined in a customized model of the user's organization and external business environment. The system receives the information, detects events in the information, interprets the events, and determines implications of these events. The detection and implication proceeds with regard to specific entities, relationships between entities, and definitions of the types of events which may occur in the environment in which the entities exist. Accordingly, the analysis system intelligently adapts its processing to recognize and report events which may be of interest for any particular entity.
A method of categorizing the relationship of individuals from a collection of photos taken in multiple sets of events includes: searching the photo collection to identify individuals in the photo collection, determining the gender and age range of the identified individuals; and using the identified individuals, their occurrences and co-occurrences, their gender, and their ages to infer social relationships between the individuals based on a set of rules.
Embodiments of the present invention relate to knowledge representation systems which include a knowledge base in which knowledge is represented in a structured, machine-readable format that encodes meaning.
Generally described, the present invention is directed to a network operating system that provides more effective ways of leveraging the connectivity of computer networks. In one embodiment, an XML virtual machine is implemented that accepts high-level application code written in an XML programming language as input. Functionality is provided to interpret or translate the application code written in an XML programming language into code that is suitable for execution across computer platforms. Moreover, the XML virtual machine supports the Model View Controller (MVC) design paradigm that facilitates true data abstraction from applications to a common data model. Multi-instance applications, with each instance potentially supporting multiple views, may be created and executed.
Instant message systems are enhanced by establishing at least one handling rule that is evaluated in an instant messaging environment, each established handling rule defining a condition based upon at least one of identified content or identified context, and a corresponding event handling action to be performed within the instant message environment. Upon identifying an instant message conversation within the instant message environment between a user and a correspondent, each handling rule is evaluated and the event handling action of an associated handling rule is performed if it is determined that the condition of handling rule is satisfied. Further, an indication that the corresponding event action was performed is conveyed to a corresponding user.
An analysis supporting apparatus that supports a product analyzing operation, includes a model-data generating unit that generates model data regarding an analysis model of an analysis target component in association with component hierarchy data representing a hierarchy of components forming an analysis target product; a model-data updating unit that reflects results of an analyzing process in the model data; and a simplified-model generating unit that generates, based on a rule registered in advance, simplified model data from the model data in which the results of the analyzing process have been reflected by the model-data updating unit.
Among other disclosure, a knowledge network and semcards enabling intelligent matching of offers and requests, involving all types of information and knowledge, including information such as classified ads, data about products and services, or knowledge, expertise, ideas, suggestions, opinions, and other forms of tacit knowledge is described.
A multi-objective optimization apparatus provides a weight adjustment apparatus, method, and computer program product, to perform optimization while reflecting user's demands. The multi-objective optimization apparatus for adjusting weights of a plurality of evaluation items includes a correction accepting unit for accepting an operation for correcting an initial solution as one of solutions to the plurality of evaluation items, and a weight adjustment unit for adjusting weights of the plurality of evaluation items using the initial solution based on the corrected solution as a corrected initial solution.
A method, computer program product, and system are provided for decomposing human behavior into quantifiable layers of perception. The method for decomposing human behavior into quantifiable layers of perception may be referred to as DAP-E, which is an acronym representative of four main phases of the method. Theses phases include the following: decompose; aggregate; propagate; and, evaluate. For example, an embodiment of the method may include aggregating one or more outputs from one or more behavioral models to represent a statistically significant conclusion and propagating the conclusion across a social network to allow opinions of a first entity within the social network to influence a conclusion of a second entity. The method may also include updating the one or more behavioral models based on new data. In aggregating the one or more outputs, the one or more behavioral models, which may be from a field of psychology, may be correlated to one or more layers of perception relating to a topic of interest. Further, the outputs may be aggregated using a Bayesian belief network to calculate an impact that the one or more outputs have on beliefs of a decision maker. A token passing behavior algorithm may be used to weigh an opinion of an entity receiving a token when propagating the conclusion across the social network. An increase in a percent confidence score from the Bayesian belief network may result from an aggregation of updated behavioral model outputs.
The present invention relates to methods for selecting racehorse candidates. Provided herein are methods for increasing the likelihood of selecting candidates that will be high earners, while reducing the likelihood of selecting candidates that will be low earners, on the basis of certain cardiac measurements.
Among other disclosure, a knowledge network and semcards enabling intelligent matching of offers and requests, involving all types of information and knowledge, including information such as classified ads, data about products and services, or knowledge, expertise, ideas, suggestions, opinions, and other forms of tacit knowledge is described.
An embodiment of the present invention includes a system for storage of electronic records. The system includes a storage unit to store records and a processing system to store and retrieve records from the storage unit. The processing system receives non-exception based records and stores the records in the storage unit. This is accomplished by storing unique information from each received non-exception based record within the storage unit separately from information common to a plurality of non-exception based records. The stored unique information is linked with the stored common information. The present invention embodiments further include a method and a program product apparatus for storing electronic records as described above.
Provided is a system and method for the de-duplication and modification detection of documents collected during document production. The disclosed technology provides a simple, legally defensible, rapid and cost-efficient system for collecting responsive electronic document sets, identifying and eliminating unnecessary documents by comparing a collected document to previously collected documents and copying only information that has not been duplicated. The disclosed technology provides a method for copying the unduplicated information without transmitting or storing the duplicated portions. In addition, the claimed subject matter provides a system for detecting whether or not a document being submitted to a project archive is a modification of a previously submitted document. A document being submitted that represents a modification of a previously submitted document is prevented from being added to the project document archive.
A system for performing data classification operations. In one embodiment, the system comprises a filesystem configured to store a plurality of computer files and a scanning agent configured to traverse the filesystem and compile data regarding the attributes and content of the plurality of computer files. The system also comprises an index configured to store the data regarding attributes and content of the plurality of computer files and a file classifier configured to analyze the data regarding the attributes and content of the plurality of computer files and to classify the plurality of computer files into one or more categories based on the data regarding the attributes and content of the plurality of computer files. Results of the file classification operations can be used to set appropriate security permissions on files which include sensitive information or to control the way that a file is backed up or the schedule according to which it is archived.
The task of estimating the number of distinct values (DVs) in a large dataset arises in a wide variety of settings in computer science and elsewhere. The present invention provides synopses for DV estimation in the setting of a partitioned dataset, as well as corresponding DV estimators that exploit these synopses. Whenever an output compound data partition is created via a multiset operation on a pair of (possibly compound) input partitions, the synopsis for the output partition can be obtained by combining the synopses of the input partitions. If the input partitions are compound partitions, it is not necessary to access the synopses for all the base partitions that were used to construct the input partitions. Superior (in certain cases near-optimal) accuracy in DV estimates is maintained, especially when the synopsis size is small. The synopses can be created in parallel, and can also handle deletions of individual partition elements.
A method of providing a deployment plan for a query in a distributed shared stream processing system includes storing a set of feasible deployment plans for a query that is currently deployed in the stream processing system. A query includes a plurality of operators hosted on nodes in the stream processing system providing a data stream responsive to a client request for information. The method also includes determining whether a QoS metric constraint for the query is violated, and selecting a deployment plan from the set of feasible deployment plans to be used for providing the query in response to determining the QoS metric constraint is violated.
Methods, systems, and apparatuses for analyzing query logs and for generating query-related information useful to entities, such as advertisers, are provided. Entities, such as advertisers, may display content, such as advertisements, on search engine websites in response to particular queries. A search engine may store a query log listing a record of queries submitted by users to the search engine. Information may be generated regarding listed queries that did not lead to a click of content of an entity displayed on the search engine website. Information may also be generated providing query recommendations to the entities.
A method is disclosed for diminishing user advertisement fatigue to increase click efficiency, including receiving a search query or browsing action from a user; analyzing a plurality of advertisements available for delivery to a search results page in response to the search query or browsing action; arranging the plurality of advertisements in a queue so that, when delivered sequentially from the queue, no advertisement is viewable more than once on a search results page, to thereby reduce advertisement fatigue of the user; and delivering the queued plurality of advertisements sequentially to the search results pages of the user.
Methods, programs products and systems are provided for presenting retrieved search engine results text items to a user on a display device through a graphical user interface configured to associate displayed text items with a search term modification action. Selecting a displayed text item through a graphical user interface component cursor routine automatically instigates modifying of the search term through the associated modification action with the selected text item to generate a modified search term and causes a search engine component to search the modified search term and retrieve new search results similarly presented, enabling additional automatic iterations of search term modifying, searching and result presenting. Modifying a search term may occur automatically or through a selection from a generated list of revising actions, and presenting search results text items may include ordering and presenting a list of result text items relative to an occurrence frequency.
Among other disclosed subject matter, a computer-implemented method relating to providing content on a page includes receiving information for providing content for an access device in response to a navigation from a first page to a second page. The content is to be included in the second page. The method includes accessing query information stored on the access device, the query information based on a first query that was submitted from the access device to a search provider before navigating to the first page. The method includes providing the content for inclusion in the second page, the content selected using at least the received information and the accessed query information. A computer-implemented method can include recording search query information for a user; retrieving the search query information; and using the search query information to determine content for display to the user.
Exemplary embodiments of the present invention relate to a method for searching navigational pages within an intranet environment. The method comprises identifying a plurality of navigational pages, performing a page-level analysis upon each identified navigational page in order to determine if a navigational page can be categorized as a candidate navigational page, performing a cross-page analysis upon each determined candidate navigational page in order to generate a final set of navigational pages, associating each final navigational page with a predetermined semantic classification group, generating term variants for each navigational page, building a navigational index for each semantic classification grouping, and filtering user queries in association with a user profile of a user that is posing a query.
The subject matter disclosed herein relates to a process for receiving, evaluating and selecting of content modules such as content summary boxes and landing pages for display on network-accessible search engine results page. In one particular example, potential content providers may be provided with incentives and guidelines for the preparation of content summary boxes and landing pages over an electronic communications network, and the resulting submissions can be ranked and published in conjunction with the display of a search engine results page over the network.
A social contact service system for internet connected digital photos enables internet connected digital photo frames to be a social contact group. Via the social contact service system, any one of grouping internet connected internet connected digital photo frames would upload updated digital information to notify the members of the social contact group, and download another updated digital information from other members of the social contact group. Furthermore, with the desktop utility of a computer, other portal service system and an internet connected digital photo frame with control management, the digital contents in the social contact service system may be integrated and managed.
A distributed absorbing surveillance apparatus comprising a plurality of surveillance branches at which data of a video image frame is characterised, indexed and stored locally in real-time upon capturing means browsing and searching can be conducted locally at a relatively low computational overhead upon receipt of searching instructions from a central query processor. Such a distributed surveillance apparatus also facilitates enhanced target searching speed and efficiency.
A network information searching method for a search engine system is provided. The search engine system is capable of searching with a plurality of web-site search engines. First, a voice signal is processed for speech recognition to generate a literal word series, in which the voice signal conforms to a grammatical format and includes a designated group and a keyword. Then, the literal word series is analyzed according to the grammatical format, so as to retrieve the designated group and the keyword from the literal word series. The retrieved designated group and keyword are transmitted to the search engine system. The search engine system selects a suitable web-site search engine according to the designated group to search for the keyword online, and obtain a searched result thereby.
Generally described, the present invention is directed to a network operating system that provides more effective ways of leveraging the connectivity of computer networks. In one embodiment, an XML virtual machine is implemented that accepts high-level application code written in an XML programming language as input. Functionality is provided to interpret or translate the application code written in an XML programming language into code that is suitable for execution across computer platforms. Moreover, the XML virtual machine supports the Model View Controller (MVC) design paradigm that facilitates true data abstraction from applications to a common data model. Multi-instance applications, with each instance potentially supporting multiple views, may be created and executed.
A method and a system for setting a domain name and a network device thereof are provided. In the invention, the network device includes built-in identification information, and the identification information is stored in a back-end database. When the network device receives a domain name, it transmits setting information to a server device. Then, the server device queries the identification information in the back-end database according to the setting information to authenticate the network device. After the network device passes the authentication, the server device maps the domain name to an Internet protocol address. Therefore, a step of registering an account and a password is omitted to simplify a procedure of setting the domain name.
In the present invention, firstly, some of information on a related personal ideal-state of life is searched via a interactive communication network by using a keyword extracted from among the stored information on a matter of ideal-state of life including that of user's own seeking ideal-state of life in the future, wherein such related personal ideal-state of life is combined with the keyword used in said search of information, on occasion of viewing the user's required relating personal ideal-state-life information, the user can easily obtain the visible and audible such information justly meeting to the user's request, and thereby the user can be enabled to develop one's own latent ability and enhance self-actualizing ability with extreme ease.
A method of searching an address book and a portable communication device using the same, the method including: arranging an address book based on a character selected from information being displayed on the portable communication device; and displaying the arranged address book.
A system and method for collecting entity aliases include a web object collection component that obtains, from a web search engine, at least one Web object associated with a user' input entity. The system and method also include a social tag collection component that obtains a respective set of social tags for each of the Web objects from a social tag website and defines candidate aliases for the user's input entity based upon the respective set of social tags. An aliases refinement component refines the candidate aliases to obtain a collection of aliases of the user's input entity.
The invention provides a support system for searching for a function, including: a first storage for storing a history of at least one output parameter of each of a plurality of functions; an input section for receiving an input of an output parameter expected as an output of a function for a search; a calculating section for calculating first indexes respectively indicating proximity of the output parameter as inputted to each of those stored in the first storage, and summing the calculated first indexes for each function; and an output section for selecting, from among the plurality of functions, a function having a sum of the first indexes larger than a predetermined value, and outputting the selected function.
A system and method is provided of creating meta tags for a multi-media object. The method can include the operation of choosing a template model that includes meta tags. The user can also select the multi-media object from an electronic storage device. Another operation is associating the multi-media object with the template model in response to a user's request. The meta tags from the template model can be assigned to the multi-media object stored on the electronic storage device.
A search service providing system provides, on an overlay network configured such that at least one node is assigned on a hash space by a distributed hash table technique, a search service for searching at least one resource shared on the overlay network. The node includes: an information collecting unit that collects the resource; a resource database in which the resource collected by the information collecting unit is stored; and a search service providing unit that when a search request for the resource shared on the overlay network is received from a node other than an own node, searches the content of the resource stored in the resource database and outputs a result of the search to the node which has requested the search.
A method, article of manufacture and apparatus for performing private retrieval of information from a database is disclosed. In one embodiment, the method comprising obtaining an index corresponding to information to be retrieved from the database and generating a query that does not reveal the index to the database. The query is an arithmetic function of the index and a secret value, wherein the arithmetic function includes a multiplication group specified by a modulus of a random value whose order is divisible by a prime power, such that the prime power is an order of the random value. The secret value is an arithmetic function of the index that comprises a factorization into prime numbers of the modulus. The method further comprises communicating the query to the database for execution of the arithmetic function against the entirety of the database.
A computer-implemented method is disclosed for visualizing data relationships between components of a project for identifying potential duplication of selected components. One of the components is data collection assignments.
Articles of manufacture and methods are described. Specifically, the methods include constructing category structures within a database, classifying a data item within a database, and facilitating location of a data item within a database are described. A first method includes defining, in a database, a first structure of categories and an alternative second structure of categories to provide an alternative classification of a data item. A second method includes classifying a data item in a first hierarchy of categories and a second alternative hierarchy of categories. A third method includes locating a data item responsive to identifying of a link between a first hierarchy of categories and a second alternative hierarchy of categories.
Methods, systems, and apparatus, including computer program products, in which a cross-language search can be performed. A search query is received in a first language. A translated search query of the search query is obtained and evaluated to determine whether it is a candidate for cross-language searching. Upon identifying a candidate, a search can be performed using the translated search query to generate search results relevant to the translated search query.
A computer readable storage medium includes executable instructions to capture data access commands from a query module utilizing a semantic layer. The data access commands are processed to produce table specification instructions and data access instructions to facilitate the construction and population of a table.
Words having selected characteristics in a corpus of documents are found using a data processor arranged to execute queries. Memory stores an index structure in which entries in the index structure map words and marks for words having the selected characteristics to locations within documents in the corpus. Entries in the index structure represent words and other entries represent marks with the location information of a marked word. The entries for the marks can be tokens coalesced with prefixes of respective marked words or adjacent. A query processor forms a modified query by adding a mark for a word to the query. The processor executes the modified query.
A database management system stores data form a plurality of logical tables as independent copies in different format. In one specific example the system organizes tables into table groups and de-normalizes the table in each table group. It also organizes data in a second format including vertical column containers that store all the data for one attribute, there being one column container for each table and each attribute within that table. The receipt of a query causes the system to develop a query plan that can interact with either or both of the container sets.
Systems and methods for ranking search engine results based at least in part on user access to the results of previous search inquiries. Results to a search inquiry appearing on a search engine results page are ranked according to their relevance with respect to the search inquiry, and the ranking is based at least in part on an evaluation of user data associated with actions taken by one or more users in response to other search inquiries. The systems and methods retain data associated with search results for future use on a user specific or multi-user basis, and may access this data from local storage or centralized storage within a network.
Synonyms for a term to be indexed are dynamically generated by applying one or more rules (e.g., splitting, deletion or addition of characters, and concatenation of portions) to the term, each synonym generated either including only a portion and not all of the term or differing from the term by at least one additional character in a position between a first character and a last character (i.e., not at either end of the term). The term and some or all of the synonyms are then indexed for subsequent searching.
Amounts of time that search result content is displayed for viewing can be collected and used for relevancy ranking. Selection of a first of a plurality of search results is detected. The plurality of search results is received in response to submission of a set of one or more search terms. An amount of time content of the first search result is displayed for viewing is determined. The content is loaded in response to the selection of the first search result. An indication of the amount of time is supplied as input for ranking relevancy of the first search result with respect to the set of one or more search terms.
