At least certain embodiments describe an apparatus comprising a flip-to-wear eye shield designed for compact storage and ease of use, the eye shield dispensed in a compact, easy-to-assemble configuration, the eye shield including a protective lens and a frame coupled with the protective lens by one or more hinges, the one or more hinges configured to allow the protective lens to pivot with respect to the frame from a first substantially flat position to a second position assembled and ready for use.
A fire-fighter turnout coat having an outer flame retardant shell with exterior and interior sides, the shell layer having a dual layer of first and second materials woven together in a manner which allows the formation of void spaces between the first and second materials when the turnout coat is exposed to increasing heat, the first material generally having a polyparaphenylene isophthalamide meta-aramid polymer and the second material generally having a para-aramid polymer; a second inner thermal insulating layer having an interior side and comprising a woven or nonwoven material; a moisture barrier layer positioned between the outer shell and the inner insulating layer; and a thermal detector system having a first heat sensor positioned on the shell exterior side, the first sensor having a thermistor and a thermocouple, a second heat sensor positioned on the thermal layer interior side and having a thermistor, a first display positioned adjacent the first sensor on the shell layer exterior side, a second display positioned remotely from the first sensor on the shell layer exterior side, and a power supply, wherein the first and second sensors and the first and second displays are electrically interconnected with the power supply to communicate temperature change by light emission from the first and second displays, wherein the electrical interconnection is conductive textile ribbon.
A disposable hygienic mitt that is selectively detachable from other mitts, preferably held in a dispensable roll or stack. The mitt has a rectangular body formed of at least an outer absorbent layer and an inner substantially liquid-repellant layer, and has a thumb portion thereof that is integral with the body and selectively individually articulable therefrom with a thumb passage therein. The inner layer forming a substantially liquid-tight interior of the mitt such that a hand selectively fits within the interior and the thumb of the hand fits within the thumb passage. The thumb portion preferably articulates from the body from the thumb being inserted into the thumb passage.
A latex glove article with a fibrous coating bonded to the skin-contacting surface. Long length soft moisture absorbing fibers are attached to latex layer of a glove with a thin layer of polymeric latex adhesive forming a fibrous lining. The long length fibers have a length ranging from 4 to 100 times the thickness of the polymeric latex adhesive layer and therefore extend or project from the polymeric latex adhesive coating. The fibers penetrate the polymeric latex adhesive layer at one end or both end of the fiber to a depth of about 60% to about 100% of the adhesive thickness, leaving a substantial portion of the fiber available for soft contact with skin and sweat absorption. Due to the substantial thickness of the fibrous lining, an air gap is created between skin and the impervious latex layer establishing continual evaporation of absorbed sweat and evaporative cooling.
The sock may include a sock portion and a decorative portion. The decorative portion may be attached to the sock portion with an attachment mechanism. The decorative portion may be fur, synthetic fur, fabric or other materials. The decorative portion may include an opening and a closure for the opening. The closure may be a lace, such as, ribbon, cord, fabric, leather or other material. The closure may also be button and loop, snaps, hook and loop closure, hook and eye, or other closure. The decorative portion may be folded over the top of the shoe. In one embodiment, the sock portion may be removably attached to the decorative portion, with an attachment mechanism. The attachment mechanism may be snaps, hook and loop closure, or other attachment mechanism. In one embodiment, the lace may include a decorative item.
The present invention generally relates to women's hosiery. Some embodiments include pantyhose having a reinforced split toe, suitable for wearing with thong sandals.
The present invention covers a hockey helmet for receiving a head of a player. The helmet comprises an outer shell made of first and second materials having respective first and second flexibilities. The outer shell comprises a front portion for at least partially facing the crown region of the head, a top portion for at least partially facing the top region of the head, a back portion for at least partially facing the back region of the head, an occipital portion for at least partially facing the occipital region of the head, and left and right portions for at least partially facing the left and right side regions of the head, the left and right portions comprising respective left and right projections that extend downwardly in front of the respective left and right ears and left and right sections located above and behind the respective left and right ears wherein one of the occipital portion, left and right projections and left and right sections is made of the second material and wherein the second flexibility is greater from the first flexibility.
This invention discloses sports eyeglasses containing an inner removable sealing member, commonly referred to as eye cup, where the inner removable sealing member contains overlapping profile where the overlapping profile acts as attachment means to attach the inner removable sealing member to the main eyeglasses frame.
The invention concerns a flame-resistant spun staple yarns and fabrics and garments comprising these yarns and methods of making the same. The yarns have 50 to 75 parts by weight of a polymeric staple fiber containing a polymer or copolymer derived from a monomer selected from the group consisting of 4,4′diaminodiphenyl sulfone, 3,3′diaminodiphenyl sulfone, and mixtures thereof; 2 to 15 parts by weight of a fiber having low thermal shrinkage; 1 to 5 parts by weight of an antistatic fiber; and the remainder being flame resistant fibers having a limiting oxygen index of 21 or greater, based on 100 total parts by weight of the polymeric fiber, the low thermal shrinkage fiber, the antistatic fiber, and the flame resistant fibers in the yarn.
The present invention comprises a portable toilet with modules that permit simultaneous use by more than one individual.
A toilet seat cover for a toilet having an internal compartment located within the toilet seat cover and an inlet aperture located in a bottom surface of the toilet seat cover. A filtration component is accommodated within the internal compartment and an air moving device for drawing in air from the toilet into the internal compartment and directing the air through the filtration component such that as the air passes through the filtration component, any noxious air, fumes and toilet odors in the air are removed prior to the treated air being discharge, from a discharge outlet of the toilet seat cover, into the surrounding environment.
An ventilating and air conditioning apparatus includes a circulating fan for sucking air from a sucking port open to a first indoor space and blowing the air through a blowout port into the first indoor space, a ventilating fan for sucking air from an exhausting port open to a second indoor space and evacuating the air to the outdoors for ventilation, and a refrigerant circuit formed of a compressor for compressing a refrigerant, a first heat exchanger for exchanging heat of air blown into the first indoor space by the circulating fan with the refrigerant, an expanding mechanism for expanding the refrigerant, and a second heat exchanger for exchanging heat of air blown into the second indoor space by the ventilating fan with the refrigerant. The compressor, first heat exchanger, expanding mechanism, and second heat exchanger are coupled together with pipes for the refrigerant to circulate therethrough in this order.
An auxiliary descending device for a toilet seat comprises a base disposed on the top of a toilet seat and including a cushion for covering the base. The base also includes a through hole vertically formed at the central portion thereof for communicating with a central opening of the toilet seat so that the front end of the cushion may axially connect with the base by way of a coupling structure. Two supports for user's holding by hands are secured on two sides of the base respectively, and the free ends thereof are coupled onto the rear periphery of the cushion, between the base and the cushion are mounted suffering elements so as to have expandable positioning between the rear ends of the cushion and the base and to control the supports to swing upwardly and then to be positioned, thereby having comfortness while in use.
An opening device has a drive motor with a motor shaft, an output axle for pivotably driving a member between a first position and a second position and a gear train connecting the motor shaft to the output axle. A gear case houses the gear train. The gear train has an output gear arranged to drive the output axle and the output axle is slidably received in a hole in the output gear. Thus the output axle can be assembled to the output gear or be disassembled from the output gear without disassembling the gear case. The gear case has at least one moveable baffle plate arranged to prevent the output axle from accidentally separating from the output gear once assembled.
Lift apparatus for toilet seat consists of a stand that can be fixed onto the top of toilet, a set of leverage levers and a J-shaped hook. Lift apparatus for toilet seat is installed on the top of a toilet for lifting toilet seat. Man can step on lever to elevate toilet seat when he urinates to prevent toilet seat from getting wet.
A disposal system is provided. In an embodiment, by way of example, the disposal system can include a first tank adapted to be at least partially filled with waste fluid. The disposal system can also include a waste processing device adapted to receive waste fluid and adjust one or more properties of the waste fluid. Additionally, the waste disposal system can include a jet engine comprising a first chamber adapted to contain a fluid undergoing compression. The jet engine can be in fluid communication with the waste processing device to receive the waste fluid from the waste processing device.
A portable baby sanitizer with air pump device is provided which allows a user to activate a pressurizable chamber, that will dispense a multiplicity of liquid streams onto, and in order to cleanse, a baby's bottom. The sanitizer device includes the pressurizable chamber which has an air pump and an air release valve. The chamber is in direct fluid flow communication with a seat. The seat contains a liquid holding reservoir which dispenses a liquid spray, when the air release valve is engaged, through a plurality of discharge holes that are disposed along the inner rim of the seat. The sanitizer device can be used in conjunction with an independently transportable stand or in conjunction with a standard toilet.
An assembly of in-ground tub with an attached frame is provided, and a method of installing the same. The tub is mounted within the frame. A lower surface of the tub, which may be inclined relative to the bottom surface of the frame, is retained above such bottom surface so that the bottom surface of the frame can remain horizontal while the lower surface of the tub is inclined. The tub and attached frame are installed by digging a hole in the ground, inserting the tub with attached frame into the hole, pouring a first layer of concrete into the hole, at least partially filling the hole with dirt, and optionally pouring a second layer of concrete to support decking near an entrance to the tub.
A shower tray access ramp comprises a ramp part and a transition part selectively attachable to the ramp part. The ramp part has a first edge for connection to a shower tray, a second edge which is opposite the first edge and which is engagable with the transition part, and a ramp portion intermediate the first and second edges. The second edge includes a flange which is spaced from an upper ramp surface of the ramp portion and which is fastenable to a ramp supporting surface. The transition part has a first transition edge which is seatable on the flange of the ramp part, a second transition edge which is opposite the first transition edge and which tapers to or substantially to a point to provide a transition from the ramp supporting surface onto the access ramp, and a transition ramp portion intermediate the first and second transition edges.
Our invention is related to a pop-up bed frame. Aspects of our invention include a bed-frame positioning assembly for raising and lowering an upper frame in a controlled manner. A bed-frame positioning assembly generally includes a set of scissor arms that is operatively coupled to a biasing member. Force exerted on the set of scissor arms by the biasing member either opens or closes the set of scissor arms, thereby either raising or lowering an upper frame coupled thereto.
The convertible furniture includes an elongate central bench section. A subframe is provided having an elongate planar member with load-bearing upright support members supporting arm rests or back rests extending upward at opposite ends of the elongate planar member. The central bench section is disposed atop the upright support members. Two lateral extension sections are pivotally attached to opposite edges of the bench section so that the lateral extension sections independently swing out from the central bench section to define a bed frame. Each of the lateral extension sections includes extendable support legs, which provide stability to the respective lateral extension section when extended to the bed frame configuration. Removable mattresses are provided for each section of the furniture. The mattresses are stored on the subframe and hidden from view when the extension sections are retracted. Placing a mattress on the bench section converts the bench to a chaise.
A storable dual action hydraulic device has a base unit from which floor supports extend, and a series of arms that articulate relative to the base unit to lift and re-orient a lifting device. The base unit houses an on-board power supply and control systems for hydraulic cylinders. A first arm and associated hydraulic cylinder extend from the base, and a second arm and associated hydraulic cylinder extend from the extreme end of the first arm opposite the base unit. At the extreme end of the second arm opposite the first arm, a mechanism is disposed for connecting to a lifting device capable of lifting subjects such as immobile persons. The device is equipped with weight measuring equipment, a retractable handle for maneuvering the device, a hinge member from which the lifting device motorized control for the lifting device and a controller for articulating the arms of the device.
A play yard includes a first frame unit and a bassinet-supporting second frame unit. The first frame unit includes a plurality of spaced-apart upright rods, a plurality of corner couplers that are provided respectively on the upright rods, and a plurality of side rods, each interconnecting a pair of the corner couplers. The second frame unit includes a plurality of connecting rods, each having a supporting segment and a pair of bent end segments that are connected respectively to longitudinally opposite ends of the supporting segment, and that are connected movably and respectively to a pair of the corner couplers, such that each of the connecting rods is selectively positioned relative to the first frame unit at a lower position and a higher position located above the lower position.
A baby mesh bed includes a joint mechanism, two connecting rods pivoted on the joint mechanism, fixing bars to fix the connecting rods in the in-use position, and a security structure provided on the joint mechanism to prevent the risk of the baby bed folding accidentally when the baby bed is being used; the security structure includes an elastic protecting band, and two fastening rings, which securely join two ends of the elastic protecting band to the connecting rods respectively; the elastic protecting band will make the connecting rods pivot upwards and closer to each other if the fixing bars fail to fix the connecting rods properly; therefore, the users can easily know if the baby mesh bed hasn't been fixed in the expanded configuration properly.
An inflatable bed is adapted for use with a sofa, and includes an upper inflatable pad unit disposed on and connected to a lower inflatable pad body, and having a bridging unit that is misaligned from the lower inflatable pad body in a vertical direction and that has a bottom surface adapted to face a seat surface of the sofa when the bridging unit is disposed on the seat surface of the sofa. Two auxiliary inflatable pad bodies are attached respectively on opposite lateral ends of the bridging unit of the upper inflatable pad unit. Each auxiliary inflatable pad body is adapted to fill a space between the bridging unit of the upper inflatable pad unit and a corresponding arm of the sofa when the bridging unit of the upper inflatable pad unit is disposed on the seat surface of the sofa.
A graduated set of pillows includes a plurality of three or more pillows. Each pillow is configured for a particular range of human physiological development and has a plurality of critical dimensions targeting proper postural support of persons in such range. For each critical dimension, a first pillow has a minimum dimension and a last pillow has a maximum dimension. The other pillows in the set have distinct dimensions that form graduated increments in the critical dimension over the set from the minimum dimension to the maximum dimension. Specific magnitudes of these critical dimensions may depend on the height, weight, head circumference, length of vertebral column, or neck circumference of an average person within a particular age range, for example. By providing such a graduated transition in each critical dimension, the set of pillows provides proper postural support for the gradually changing anatomical characteristics of developing persons.
An inter-active pillow for children comprised of three fabric pieces sewn together to form the body of the pillow and a pocket in back. A pillow insert with fabric casing and polyester fiberfill to be inserted inside the pillow. Additionally, four pieces of Velcro will be sewn to the front of the pillow to accommodate one pair of eyes, one nose, and one mouth.
Included with the pillow will also be six pairs of eyes, six noses, and six mouths, all in various sizes, shapes and colors with Velcro sewn to the back side of each piece, making faces inter-changeable.
The pocket on the back of pillow will be used to store extra face pieces, along with overnight items.
The pocket opening may contain closure means such as Velcro, snaps, or zippers to secure pocket in a closed position.
A self-inflatable under-thigh support used in combination with a car seat for use by a driver of a vehicle in order to shorten brake-activation reaction time and reduce pressure on the lower side of the thigh for improving blood circulation. The under-thigh support is made in the form of an elongated body of a triangular cross-section that consists of an air-proof inner casing made from a non-stretchable flexible material and a squeezable foam plastic that fills the interior of the casing. The casing is provided with a valve that can be opened for squeezing the pad to a compressed state and then closed for preserving the pad in a compressed state convenient for storage and transportation. For use of the pad, the valve is opened, the squeezed foam plastic is expanded, and then the valve is closed, whereby the pad is maintained in a predetermined shape and with a predetermined rigidity.
A sleeping infant positioning device that will hold an infant in the recommended back-lying position while in a crib or other flat surface. The device includes a pad that has an attached fabric and strap safety restraint, into which the infant is placed. The restraint is designed to fit over roughly the area where a pair of diapers would fit over the infant, with the restraint also including a pair of leg holes to allow insertion of the legs of the infant. A pouch is located on the pad behind where the infant's head is placed, allowing placement of a pillow if desired. An adjustable blanket can also be clipped to the pad, allowing the blanket to be placed over the infant if necessary.
A support surface assembly for a sleeping person that comprises a rigid frame with an upper edge for supporting an air-permeable layer and an air-permeable layer that is fixedly joined to the upper edge in a desired tension, such that the upper edge is entirely covered by the outer perimeter of the air-permeable layer. The air-permeable layer comprises a lattice grid structure such as a mesh material, a netting or a web-like material. The outer perimeter of the air-permeable layer is joined to the frame at the side wall or at the bottom wall of the frame.
A modular tool system includes a plate for carrying a tool, a top plate coupled to an upper side of the tool-carrying plate, and a base plate coupled to a lower side of the tool-carrying plate. A pair of locking members is disposed at two opposite ends of the tool-carrying plate. Each lock member is rotatably mounted in an opening of the tool-carrying plate, and has an axis of rotation perpendicular the tool-carrying plate. Each locking member has a keyway facing the upper side for receiving and locking a corresponding key of the top plate, and a key facing the lower side for inserting and locking in a corresponding keyway of the base plate. Turning of the keys of the top plate relative to the keyways of the tool-carrying plate locks the top plate and the tool-carrying plate together, and further turning of the keys of the top plate turns the keys of the tool-carrying plate relative to the keyways of the base plate and locks the tool-carrying plate and the base plate together.
A multi-tool attachment having a configuration that is well-suited for incising material and performing various operations where two incising members are positioned on a main portion of the tool and the cutting-edge surfaces are in close engagement with one another at an interface point where the two blades meet in forceful engagement with one another.
A multi-purpose hand held tool is provided which allows an individual to perform several tasks and reduces the need for additional tools. Specifically, the tool includes a hammer and a claw with an extension providing additional leverage to the claw for prying objects apart and for pulling nails. Additionally, the hand held tool provides a ring and catches useful for pulling fence wiring such as barbed wire during the installation of a fence.
A multipurpose tool comprising a main body and having at least one substantially planar member extending from the main body, at least one curved member extending from the main body, and at least one serrated member extending from the main body. The tool may also have at least one base extending from the main body. The tool may also have one or more handles extending from the main body.
A safe tool assembly comprises an assembly part including a body, on the two ends of which is disposed at least one connecting tab having tools attached thereon, provided at least two through apertures at the side surfaces thereof individually and each having two small-diametered insertion bores fixed on the two sides thereof, wherein the two insertion bores are opposite to each other, and between each of the insertion bores and each of the through apertures is provided a stopping rim; two protective covers assembled to the two sides of the assembly part and including at least one pillar affixed therein, at the front end of which is mounted a locking tab having recesses secured therein, and including two gaps arranged on the two sidewalls thereof, hence by engaging the locking tabs with the stopping rims, the protective covers may be opened and stored stably, operating the desired tool safely.
A method of manufacturing an ice skate for enclosing a human foot when in use, the foot having a heel, an ankle with a medial malleolus and a lateral malleolus, a plantar surface, medial and lateral sides and toes. The method comprises (a) providing a sheet of thermoformable material; (b) thermoforming the sheet of thermoformable material to form an outer shell comprising (i) a heel portion for receiving the heel of the foot; (ii) an ankle portion for receiving the ankle; (iii) medial and lateral side portions for facing the medial and lateral sides of the foot respectively, the medial and lateral side portions extending forwardly from the heel portion and the ankle portion, one of the medial and lateral side portions comprising a skirt portion being integrally formed therewith; (c) folding the skirt portion to form a sole having an upper surface for facing the plantar surface of the foot and a bottom surface; and (d) mounting an ice skate blade holder to the bottom surface of the sole.
A toothbrush device including a brush member and a grip. The brush member includes an electric terminal accommodation chamber and an electric terminal plate accommodated in the electric terminal accommodation chamber. The electric terminal plate includes a contact, which comes into contact with a contact portion of a coupler shaft of the grip through a window providing communication with a receptacle of the brush member. The brush member includes a holding portion supporting the coupler shaft. The receptacle includes a fastener mount portion and an engaging piece which cooperates with the fastener mount portion to hold the coupler shaft therebetween. The engaging piece and the contact portion are arranged at the same side of the axis of the coupler shaft. The fastener mount portion is arranged opposite the contact portion with respect to the axis of the coupler shaft.
An electric toothbrush is provided, the electric toothbrush having a housing, with a drive that is elastically mounted on the housing by means of a spring device and can be moved in an oscillatory fashion in at least one plane of motion, and with a transmission element that is connected to the drive and serves for transmitting the driving motion to a brush head.
A pig for conveying a working medium inside a feed line comprises a pig body which can be driven inside the feed line by a pushing medium and which has on one front side a projection with a free front surface. The pig also contains at least one first and one second circumferential sealing element arranged on the pig body which are made of elastomeric material and which are at a distance from each other in the direction of the longitudinal axis of the pig body and which run coaxial to the longitudinal axis of the pig body. The sealing elements can be pressed against the inner wall of the feed line, in that the working medium or the pushing medium bears against a contact surface of the respective sealing element. The contact surface of the sealing element neighboring the front side with the projection is smaller than the contact surface of the other sealing element.
A bath puff having a source of soap embedded therein.
The toothbrush body according to the invention has on its top side a hand-supporting section with at least one longitudinal support strip which extends along the longitudinal axis of a handle part and next to which is located at least one recess which extends laterally from the top side to a bottom side. The recesses can take the form of holes located between two longitudinal support strips or of open lateral recesses formed in the broad sides of the toothbrush body.
A scrub device having a central core and multiple flexible strands of a polymeric material can be placed into a food waste disposer, which is then turned on, and the low mass and low inertia of the scrub device permits a spinning motion to promote frictional cleaning by the flexible strands. Multiple geometries of the scrub devices provide for different cleaning motions. The material of both the central core and flexible strands can be ground or can be retained during operation of the disposer while preventing disposer damage permitting the scrub device to be permanently left in the disposer. Holding and extraction tools are provided for manual cleaning motion or removal of the scrub devices.
A “multiple shape changing roller unit” that is disposable, very inexpensive, can be adjusted to various shapes in one geometric plane, comprising a slotted hole patterned frame and a roller cover & rod assembly, that can partially or fully surround and act on the entire surface area of multisided objects comprising bars, posts, poles, shafts, spindles, railings, supports, and columns, but not limiting to the aforementioned group of multisided objects, while the operator is positioned on only one side of said multisided objects for purposes comprising painting, staining, dusting, polishing, striping, sanding, cleaning, wiping off or applying chemicals (liquid and powder).
An attachment for a cleaning appliance includes a head including a suction opening and a neck including an intermediate portion and an end portion for connection to the mouth of a wand or hose having a longitudinal axis. The attachment also includes a first rotatable connection located between the end portion and the intermediate portion having a first axis of rotation and a second rotatable connection located between the head and the intermediate portion having a second axis of rotation. Each rotatable connection allows relative movement of the end portion with respect to the head. The first axis of rotation is inclined with respect to the longitudinal axis of the end portion. By providing such an attachment for a cleaning appliance, the head of the attachment can be moved into a variety of useful positions to allow easier cleaning of walls and high-level horizontal surfaces.
In an articulated connection between a wiper lever and a wiper lever support which can be fixed to a wiper shaft, comprising articulation parts on the wiper lever and on the wiper lever support, a hinge pin on a first articulation part and at least one mounting opening on a second articulation part for receiving the hinge pin, the mounting opening is open at the side in an edge region in order to allow the second articulation part to be pushed radially onto the mounting pin, and specifically in an axis direction running radially with respect to the axis of the mounting opening, said axis direction being oriented transversely to the longitudinal extent of the wiper lever.
A suction nozzle of a vacuum cleaner includes a suction nozzle body which includes a suction port adapted to draw in contaminants on a surface, and a contaminant attachment unit formed in the suction nozzle body. The contaminant attachment unit is adapted to attach contaminants thereto.
In a block and tackle window balance, the balance shoe holds and upwardly biases the terminal connector in a mounted position. A biasing element of the shoe maintains the terminal connector in a pocket of the shoe during operation of the balance. The terminal connector is prevented from laterally exiting the pocket in the mounted position by a widened portion on the terminal connector and a locating surface extending from the shoe toward the pocket. Manually pressing down on the biasing element or the terminal connector itself to lower the terminal connector in the pocket until the widened portion clears the locating surface allows lateral removal of the terminal connector from the pocket. During operation of the balance, however, the terminal connector does not experience a sufficient downward force to overcome the upward bias such that the widened portion never clears the locating surface.
A block shaped to fit onto an end of a block and tackle window balance containment tube which controls excessive airflow into and out of the jamb channel of the window frame to assist with the insulating function of the window frame and to substantially prohibit the accumulation of dirt and dust within the balance containment tube. The block is secured to the end of the balance containment tube by a rigid or semi-rigid retainer. The block itself may consist of either a pliable or rigid material.
A hinge includes a hinge assembly and a damper assembly. The damper assembly includes a stationary housing defining a cavity. A damper body rotatablely installed in the cavity has a head protruding to form a cylindrical guiding portion and a pushing portion defining two side ends apart from each other. At least one of the side ends has a step-shaped profile to make the width of the pushing portion between the side ends nonuniform, and rotatable sheets and stationary sheets are received in the cavity and alternately disposed on the guiding portion and the pushing portion. The stationary sheets are fixed to the stationary housing. Each of the rotatable sheets protrudes inwardly to form a retaining portion. The side ends of the pushing portion alternately contact the retaining portions and contact the retaining portions at intervals when the elastic force of the hinge assembly is released to drive the damper body rotating. Damper resin is filled between the adjacent stationary sheets and rotatable sheets.
A hinge apparatus for a cover of an image forming apparatus has a hinge body with supporting brackets, movably inserted into a coupling hole positioned in a main body of the image forming apparatus, a hinge cam connected to the cover and pivotably connected to the supporting brackets, and a pressure device disposed at the hinge body to press the hinge cam. Accordingly, the hinge apparatus can be implemented with a simple and easy assembly operation, since it is not a complicated structural connection among the component parts of the hinge apparatus.
A hinge includes a hinge assembly and a damper assembly. The damper assembly includes a stationary housing defining a cavity. A damper body rotatablely installed in the cavity has a head protruding to form a cylindrical guiding portion and a pushing portion defining two side ends apart from each other. The side ends are unparallel and at least one of the side ends is inclined relative to the axis direction of the damper body to make the width of the pushing portion between the side ends be changed gradually, and rotatable sheets and stationary sheets are received in the cavity and alternately disposed on the guiding portion and the pushing portion. The stationary sheets are respectively fixed to the stationary housing. Each rotatable sheet protrudes inwardly to form a retaining portion. The side ends of the pushing portion alternately contact the retaining portions and contact the retaining portions one by one when the elastic force of the hinge assembly is released to drive the damper body rotating. Damper resin is filled between the adjacent stationary sheets and rotatable sheets.
A four-bar linkage hinge having a restraining catch arranged to prevent the hinge from opening and translating rearward when said hinge is subjected to an external force causing a transverse deflection of its linkage.
An adjustable glass hinge mainly includes a fastening assembly fastened to a door frame and a clipping plate assembly to clip a glass panel. The fastening assembly includes a fastening seat, two bucking elements disposed from one side in the fastening seat and coupled respectively with an elastic element, a pintle running through another side of the fastening seat and a seat board fastened to the fastening seat. The clipping plate assembly has a first clip plate and a second clip plate that are coupled together, two pads held on an inner side of the first and second clip plates and a clipping blade to hold and confine two directing members. Alignment of the glass panel can be accomplished quickly.
A handle housing for a handle for a power tool, the handle housing having a first housing part; and a second housing part adapted to be mounted to the first housing part and subjected to a bending stress when mounted to said first housing part, the said first and second housing parts defining a chamber for accommodating one or more components of the power tool.
The present invention relates to an apparatus for attaching boutonnieres. In one embodiment, the present invention is an apparatus for attaching a boutonniere including a first device, the first device including a first support structure, a first securing mechanism attached to the first support structure, and a base connected to the first support structure for securing the boutonniere. The present invention also includes a second device, the second device including a second support structure, and a second securing mechanism attached to the second support structure. The second securing mechanism cooperates with the first securing mechanism to secure the first support structure and the second support structure to a piece of material.
A hose clamp for securing a hose to a component includes a first band of uniform thickness that extends angularly about an axis and includes an engagement surface, and a second band having the uniform thickness and formed in one piece with the first band, extending angularly about the axis, offset axially from the first band, and including a latch surface engageable with the engagement surface, the clamp having an open state in which the first band and the second band are elastically urged angularly about the axis toward contact with the hose, said engagement maintaining an elastically resilient load between the first band and the second band.
According to an aspect of the present invention, there is provided a clip including: a flange and a leg. The leg includes: a pillar portion that vertically extends from the flange; a tip portion provided at a distal end in an axial direction; a rib that outwardly extends from the pillar portion to be connected to the flange and the tip portion; and an elastic engagement piece that extends from a distal end of the rib in a circumferential direction. The elastic engagement piece includes: a rigid portion that is connected to the rib and that is connected to the flange and the tip portion; and a deformable portion that is extended from the rigid portion and that is disconnected from the flange and the tip portion.
A clamp assembly selectively grips material. The clamp assembly includes a housing, a gripping assembly and means for connecting the clamp assembly to an object. The housing has a first end, a second end, a first portion and a second portion. The first and second portions cooperate to define a material receiving slot. The first portion of the housing has an angular disposed channel and an angular disposed recessed portion. The second portion of the housing has a gripping surface. The gripping assembly is slidably disposed within the channel such that the recessed portion cooperates with the channel to define a travel path so that the gripping assembly can be selectively movable between a biased first position and a second position. In the biased first position, the gripping assembly extends into the material receiving slot. In the second position the gripping assembly is withdrawn from the material receiving slot.
A fastening means is provided for fastening an expansion tank for cooling water of an automobile to a holder. The fastening means includes, but is not limited to a first insertion edge and a second insertion edge, and the second insertion edge is disposed substantially parallel to the first insertion edge, and at a distance there from which is selected in such a manner that a fastening rib may be inserted between the insertion edges. The fastening means further includes, but not limited to a first retaining edge and a second retaining edge for delimiting a pivoting movement of the fastening rib. The second retaining edge is disposed substantially parallel to the first retaining edge and at a distance there from which is selected in such a manner that the fastening rib is pivotable from an insertion position in which the fastening rib is disposed between the insertion edges, into a retaining position in which the fastening rib is disposed between the retaining edges. Since the container may be connected to the holder through a simple insertion and pivoting movement, mounting of the container with the holder is more secure and more rapid.
A jewelry mandrel having a tapered shaft with an axial groove in the surface of the shaft. The axial groove is capable of accepting one end of a metal wire at a pre-selected location and the depth and width of the groove are sized, such that the metal wire is not generally displaced axially from the pre-selected location as the wire is wound around the perimeter of a cross-section of the shaft.
A continuous tool rotation tool turret is comprised of a turret head, a plurality of spindles and a motor. The spindles are attached to the turret head. Each spindle is adapted to secure and rotate a cutting tool. The motor simultaneously rotates each spindle. The spindles rotate at an operational speed while the turret head is being indexed. A bevel gear operationally connected to the motor simultaneously rotates a bevel gear attached to each spindle. Air pressure separates the turret head from its rest surface during indexing. The turret head rotates around a manifold which supplies coolant and pressurized air to the turret head. Optionally, a mating wedge and wedge receptacle attached to the turret head and its housing provide for more precise indexing of the turret head. The continuous tool rotation minimizes the time needed to index the turret from one position to another.
A system for manufacturing a forceps is disclosed. The system includes a forceps having first and second opposing jaw members. A compression mechanism is coupled to the pair of opposing jaw members and configured to provide and maintain a compression force between the opposing jaw members. The system also includes a load cell configured to measure an initial compression force between the opposing jaw members and a controller coupled to the load cell and configured to adjust the compression force based on a comparison between the initial compression force and a predetermined range.
The invention relates to a device for pulling out a terminal clamp with a fastening section for fastening the device to the terminal clamp and a grip section. The fastening section and the grip section are connected by a pivotable connection. A second fastening device for detachable fastening of the grip section to the terminal clamp is provided on this grip section.
A board removal apparatus for a wooden pallet includes a frame, and a carriage carried by the frame. The carriage includes a pair of spaced apart tables with a fixed gap therebetween. The carriage is movable between a pallet receiving position and a board removal position. The pallet includes spaced apart stringers and boards on top and bottom surfaces thereof. The pallet is positioned on the carriage when in the pallet receiving position so that a board to be removed overlies the fixed gap. A board removal assembly is carried by the frame and includes a push rod and a board removal foot pad pivotally coupled thereto. The push rod and the board removal foot pad are inserted between adjacent stringers when the carriage is in the board removal position. The board removal foot pad overlies at least a portion of the board to be removed and overlies at least a portion of the fixed gap between the pair of spaced apart tables.
A method of creating a complex three-dimensional object by assembling a plurality of prefabricated elements in a predetermined arrangement and coupling the elements together into an integral three-dimensional object is disclosed.
The disclosure describes a device for asymmetrical irradiation of a body cavity or site, such as after removal of tissue, e.g. biopsy or lumpectomy. The device includes an elongated tubular shaft having an inner lumen and a tubular wall with a plurality of lumens extending within the wall which are configured for receiving a radiation source. The distal portion of the tubular shaft is cut into a plurality of longitudinally separated wall segments with a lumen extending within at least one of the wall segments. A support member is positioned within the separated wall segments to support and position the wall segments in a desired configuration for brachytherapy. An expandable member such as an inflatable balloon is mounted on the distal shaft portion about the separated wall segments wall which when inflated secures the distal shaft portion within a desired intracorporeal site for brachytherapy treatment.
A method for preparing a bipolar plate assembly for a fuel cell stack is provided. The method first includes the steps of providing a first unipolar plate having a first active area with a plurality of channels formed on a first inner surface thereof, and a second unipolar plate having a second active area with a plurality of lands formed on a second inner surface thereof. The first unipolar plate and the second unipolar plate are aligned to dispose the first active area adjacent the second active area. A first pressure is then applied to the first and second active areas to pre-nest the first active area and the second active area. The perimeters of the first and second unipolar plates are then joined. A clamping fixture and associated method for assembling the bipolar plate assembly is also provided.
A load-bearing chassis for a motor vehicle includes a three-dimensional structure formed by a sheet of material including a plurality of bend lines. Each bend line has adjacent strap-defining structures defining a bending strap with a longitudinal strap axis oriented and positioned to extend across the bend line. Preferably the bend lines are configured and positioned to form a load-bearing chassis member when the sheet of material is bent along the bend lines. The bend lines defining geometrical features of the chassis. A method of forming the chassis is also disclosed.
A method for joining elements together, the method comprising the steps of: positioning the elements relative to one another; enhancing the formability of at least a portion of at least one of the elements using a laser; and joining the elements together using a mechanical fastening method.
The present invention generally relates to an automated solar cell electrical connection device that is positioned within an automated solar cell fabrication system. The automated solar cell electrical connection device includes a module and process for automatically attaching a junction box to a composite solar cell structure during the fabrication of a completed solar cell device. The automated solar cell electrical connection module may include a composite solar cell structure conveyor for positioning the composite solar cell structure, an adhesive dispense module for applying adhesive to the junction box, a flux dispenser for applying flux to electrical connection tabs in the junction box, a vision system for locating features on the composite solar cell structure, a robot for positioning the junction box onto the composite solar cell structure, a heating element to make electrical connections between the junction box and the solar cell device, a potting material dispensing assembly for dispensing potting material into the junction box, and a system controller for controlling the functions of the module.
Systems, methods, and apparatus are provided for electronic device manufacturing. The invention includes removing a first substrate carrier and a second substrate carrier from a moving conveyor using an end effector assembly and concurrently transferring the first and second substrate carriers from the moving conveyor to a support location via the end effector assembly. Numerous other aspects are provided.
A method of manufacturing a coil inductor and a coil inductor are provided are provided. A plurality of conductive bottom structures are formed to be lying on a first dielectric layer. A plurality pairs of conductive side structures are then formed, wherein each pair of the conductive side structure stand on top surface of a first end and a second end of each conductive bottom structure respectively; a second dielectric layer is formed on the first dielectric layer, coating the bottom and side structures; and a plurality of conductive top structures are formed to be lying on the second dielectric layer, wherein each conductive top structure electrically connects each pair of the conductive side structures, wherein the conductive bottom structures, the conductive side structures and the conductive top structures together form a conductive coil structure.
The present invention discloses a slim battery packaging method, which comprising steps: preparing at least one slim battery and an electronic substrate to be connected to the slim battery, wherein the slim battery and the electronic substrate respectively have electric-connection terminals corresponding to each other; joining the electric-connection terminals of the slim battery and the electronic substrate with a conductive adhesive; applying a thermosetting temperature to the electric-connection terminals with a hot-press device to transfer the thermosetting temperature to the conductive adhesive and cure the conductive adhesive; and providing a cooling device in the preceding step to inhibit the conduction of the thermosetting temperature to a non-electric-connection terminal area of the slim battery for maintaining the performance of the slim battery.
Designs of a delatching tool for removing pluggable transceiver modules from transceiver module cages and pluggable transceiver module designs having latching mechanisms associated with the delatching tool.
A modular assembly comprises a fixing seat formed with a slot for receiving a positioning member of a moving seat, and a plurality of fastening elements for pressing the positioning member against an inner wall of the slot so that the moving seat is positioned in the fixing seat.
Techniques for producing a flexible structure attached to a device. One embodiment includes the steps of providing a first substrate, providing a second substrate with a releasably attached flexible structure, providing a bonding layer on at least one of the first substrate and the flexible structure, adjoining the first and second substrate such that the flexible structure is attached at the first substrate by means of the bonding layer, and detaching the second substrate in such a way that the flexible structure remains on the first substrate.
A method of fabricating a rolling bladder propellant tank assembly includes providing a pair of half-domes comprising a nanophase metallic material and a bladder formed of a ductile metallic material. A bladder support ring extends from at least one of the pair of half-domes. The pair of half-domes are positioned together to form a cavity therein with a portion of the bladder trapped between the pair of half-domes adjacent to the bladder support ring, wherein the bladder is positioned within the cavity. A seal is formed between the pair of half-domes and the bladder by friction stir welding. A friction stir welding pin used to form the seal is aligned with the bladder support ring during the friction stir welding operation.
A method for fabricating a metal micro heat pipe with a polygonal cross-section to allow working fluid to flow by capillary force generated at edges of the polygonal of the micro heat pipe. The polygonal cross-section is formed of a single metal layer via a single drawing process. The micro heat pipe is formed of a single metal plate.
A heat exchange tube is formed by using a sheet member not clad with a brazing material layer, with bonding regions at which ends of the sheet member are overlapped and brazed by using a brazing material. This structure reduces the extent to which the brazing material becomes dispersed while the heat exchange tube is brazed and the likelihood of dissolution due to erosion, which makes it possible to assure the desired product quality, such as corrosion resistance, even when a tube material with a smaller wall thickness is used.
A shaving razor cartridge having a platform with a front edge and a back edge and a pair of opposing side edges; and a plurality of main blades, each having a shaving edge, attached to the platform in a stacked fashion such that the shaving edge of each of the main blades faces the front edge of the platform. The main blades are arranged in a plurality of modular pairs, each modular pair having a rigid spacer separating the blades, and each modular pair of blades is separately attached to the platform.
An apparatus, system, and method for cutting tubes has a scarf cut made in a direction transverse to a cut-off direction. The scarf cut passes through a thickness of a tube wall and forms an opening that receives a tip of a cut-off blade. The cut-off blade has cutting edges with an angle that engage ends of the opening such that a slug is forced upward and outward relative to the tubes. The scarf blade, the cut-off blade, and a clamping jaw may be moved in a coordinated manner by separate drivers operated under control of an electronic controller.
A cutting device capable of heating a blade uniformly and to an appropriate temperature and capable of cutting a member with small cutting resistance at a low angle (acute angle) is provided. Electricity is passed through a metallic thin blade to cause the blade to self-heat, and this enables the blade to cut an unvulcanized rubber member with small resistance and with restricted deformation of the member. The thin blade is durable because of its strip shaped shape and can be uniformly heated because it self-heats by an electric current.
A snap-off knife is provided, having a metal sleeve, a blade contained within the metal sleeve and slidably extendable through a first terminal end of the metal sleeve, and a cap having a cavity such that the cap is capable of fitting over the first terminal end of the metal sleeve from which the blade extends. The metal sleeve also has an open section for allowing a slide button to move along the open section of the metal sleeve in a direction parallel to the direction that the blade extends and retracts. The cap has a narrow slot for placing over the exposed portion of the blade while the blade is being snapped off by the user. The cap is capable of fitting over a second terminal end of the metal sleeve located opposite the first terminal end.
A tie wrap cutting tool has a press arm and a die arm, each arm having a tool end and an opposing handle. The arms are pivotally coupled together, such that relative movement of the handles produces a corresponding movement of the tool ends. A cutting insert is removably coupled to the tool end of the die arm, the cutting insert having a transverse guide slot configured for receiving a tie wrap to be cut. At least one cutter is carried by the cutting insert, the cutter having a selected geometric shape. A press face is formed in the press arm for forcing the tie wrap against the at least one cutter, so that selected movement of the handles causes the at least one cutter to cut the selected geometric shape in a tie wrap received in the slot.
Preferred embodiments of a reciprocating drive apparatus are disclosed that comprise a housing, a rotatable drive shaft assembly located in the housing an elongated plunger located in the housing for reciprocating motion, the plunger having a front end portion for attaching a tool thereto, a rotary joint rocker mechanism supported in the housing and operatively connected to the plunger and the drive shaft assembly so that rotation of the drive shaft assembly produces reciprocating motion of the plunger. Another preferred embodiment includes a reciprocating counterweight.
An adjustable picture and wall hanging device comprising an elongated strap having thereon a pair of spaced sliders, each slider having a point thereon to enable a spot to be marked on a wall, and a level centrally mounted on the strap for facilitating leveling of the device so that the item to be mounted will be level. Alternatively the level can be on one slider. This device enables pictures and other items to be hung on a wall in a simple, quick and easy manner.
A scale base is fixed to a base in a plurality of locations which are aligned in a measuring direction (a Y direction) in which measurement by a scale is carried out, slits are provided in the scale base in positions lying between the locations where the scale base is fixed to the base, the scale is supported by the scale base in two or more of the locations where the scale base is fixed to the base, and the scale base has gaps between the base and the scale base in positions other than the locations where the scale base is fixed to the base and between the scale and the scale base in the positions other than the locations where the scale base is fixed to the base.
A non-structural shear wall nailing template bears a pattern of shear wall nailing pattern markings. The template is made of an inexpensive sheeting material that will not interfere with the further construction of the building if the template remains in-situ after construction of the shear wall. In one example, the template is a strip. The strip bears lettering that indicates the type of nailing pattern to which the nailing pattern markings conform. After fixing the template to one or more sheathing panels such that the template is aligned in a predefined way with respect to framing members behind the panel(s), nails are driven at the locations of the markings on the template. By driving a nail at the location of each template marking, the shear wall is constructed with proper nail spacing. A set of templates is provided to facilitate nailing in different shear wall nailing patterns.
A silent hair dryer and a silencer for a hair dryer includes at least one casing with an inlet end and an outlet end and enclosing at least one turbine sucking in air via at least one admission orifice upstream of the turbine and expelling it downstream via at least one outlet orifice. The silent hair dryer includes at least one chamber upstream of the admission orifice and an inlet orifice for aspiration of air upstream of the chamber; the diameter of the chamber being greater than the diameter of the admission orifice and the diameter of the inlet orifice, the length and the diameter of the chamber being of such a size so as to define a volume turned as a function of the sound frequencies to be attenuated by the silencer.
This invention discloses systems and methods for conversion of high moisture waste materials to dry or low moisture products for recycle or reuse. The equipment systems comprise a gas turbine generator unit (preferred heat source), a dryer vessel and a processing unit, wherein the connection between the gas turbine and the dryer vessel directs substantially all the gas turbine exhaust into the dryer vessel and substantially precludes the introduction of air into the dryer vessel and wherein the processing unit forms the dried material from the dryer vessel into granules, pellets or other desired form for the final product. Optionally, the systems and methods further provide for processing ventilation air from manufacturing facilities to reduce emissions therefrom.
A process and a device for utilization of waste heat from a high-temperature hood in the dryer section of a paper machine. The waste heat from the high-temperature hood is applied to the waste steam and the condensate, respectively, from a steam system by means of a heat exchanger, thus improving utilization of the energy contained in the exhaust air from a high temperature hood.
A construction of an oxford type, lace up athleisure shoe enables the shoe to be slipped on the wearers foot and held securely on the foot without the need for lacing on the shoe. This provides the shoe with the appearance of a lace up shoe that is worn without lacing.
A shoe construction including a shoe upper, an intermediate composite structure and an outsole. The composite structure underlies at least a portion of the upper and overlies at least a portion of the outsole. The composite structure includes cushion members with one cushion member being positioned to underlie a heel of a wearer and another cushion member being positioned to underlie the ball of the foot. The cushion member underlying the ball may be perforated. The composite structure can also include a relatively rigid lower member which can be perforated in the area of the ball of the foot underlying the cushion member for the ball of the foot. The composite structure can provide a flexure discontinuity in the shoe forward of the midfoot zone of the shoe.
An ice re-surfacing machine induces ultrasonic frequency vibrations onto the ice shaving blade. The vibrating blade can be pulled across the ice with less pressure and provides an improved finished surface.
A tool for pushing snow is provided with a blade having a concave profile along an elongate axis for pushing snow along an underlying support surface. A handle extends generally perpendicular to the elongate axis from an upper portion of the blade. A first contact member is provided along a first elongate edge of the blade. The first contact member is adapted to contact the underlying support surface in a first orientation. A second contact member is provided along a second elongate edge of the blade. The second contact member is adapted to contact the underlying support surface in a second orientation.
An indicator system is provided that comprises an indicator positioned on a linear structure. The linear structure includes a portable linear structure having a proximal end and a distal end. The linear structure includes, for example, at least one of a hose, a fire hose, a cable, an electrical cable, a rope, a strap, and a tether device. The indicator includes directional markers positioned along the linear structure and oriented to identify a path to the proximal end. Each of the directional markers comprises a shape of an arrow, and a tip of the arrow points along the path to the proximal end. Additionally, the indicator can include a text string, for example, a text string comprising a word meaning “EXIT” or other similar term or phrase.
The object of this invention is to provide an improved paper weight or article of desk furniture which shall be useful not only as a paper weight, but for the purposes of alerting other visitors that they may or may not disturb the person at this desk or location.
A sign for the display of perishable goods in a display case. The sign includes a front face and rear face, the front face being visible to a consumer when in use providing information to the consumer regarding the perishable goods. The rear face has at least one rotating dial, individual or folded panel for selection of at least one date on which the perishable goods would be removed from the display case.
There are disclosed several embodiments of label sets or arrays having a substantial capacity for printed information while maintaining all the labels of the array associated and properly oriented with respect to each other, wherein all the labels of each set or array can be printed in a printer. The labels of the array are preferably printed in transverse rows across a label web to increase the number of labels that can be carried on a roll.
Two-stage trigger apparatus for use with firearms are described herein. An example trigger apparatus described herein includes a trigger and a sear arm operatively coupled to the trigger. The sear arm detachably couples to a first catch of a hammer of the firearm. A disconnector is pivotally coupled relative to the sear arm and detachably couples to a second catch of the hammer. At least one trigger spring operatively couples to the sear arm to bias the sear arm to an initial position. The trigger pivots relative to the sear arm between a first travel stop and a second travel stop of the sear arm, where the first travel stop prevents the trigger from pivotally moving relative to the sear arm in a first direction and the second travel stop prevents the trigger from pivotally moving relative to the sear arm in a second direction opposite the first direction. The trigger pivots between the first travel stop and the second travel stop relative to the sear arm. A biasing element is disposed between the sear arm and the trigger to bias the trigger toward the first travel stop. The trigger spring exerts a greater force on the sear arm than the force exerted by the biasing element on the trigger.
A rest for cleaning a rifle and for sighting a scope, a stock, and a bore of the rifle. The rest includes a base, a vise assembly, a fore-end support assembly, and an elevator assembly. The vise assembly adjusts for different-length rifles and clamps the stock of the rifle therein. The fore-end support assembly adjusts for the different-length rifles and supports the fore-end of the rifle thereon. The elevator assembly adjusts for the different-length rifles and supports the barrel of the rifle therein. The rest further includes a lapping tool, alignment tools, a stock alignment tool, a bore sighting tool, a centering tool, and a set of diopters. The lapping tool insures smoothness and proper interior profile of the mounting rings for a scope. The alignment tools insures that the scope fits properly without any binding or protrusions. The stock alignment tool lines up the stock of the gun so the gun is leveled. The bore sighting calibrates the scope. The centering tool cradles, centers, and supports the gun. A respective diopter is attached to an objective end of the scope to increase depth of field when a target is so close that the scope does not focus clearly.
A rotatable and retractable rear gun sight is disclosed. The rear gun sight is coupled to a body of a gun. Three different apertures are provided for rear sight viewing of targets of three different distances. The apertures can be rotated out of view or into use depending on the estimated target distance. The rear gun sight can also be flipped down.
An autonomous decoy device is disclosed. The autonomous decoy comprises a decoy shell, a propulsion system, the propulsion system, a steering apparatus, a receiver, a memory, and a microcontroller. The decoy shell has a form resembling an animal in life size or near life size proportions. The propulsion system is adapted to move the decoy device in or on a desired medium and the steering apparatus is adapted to control the direction of movement of the decoy device. The receiver is adapted to receive an electromagnetic signal and determine a relative strength of the signal. The memory is adapted to store at least one instruction set. The microcontroller is adapted to control the propulsion system and the steering apparatus based on the at least one instruction set and the relative strength of the signal. Various autonomous routines and methods of use are further described herein.
An improved fishing rod comprising a plurality of generally triangular shaped strips joined together to define an elongated body having a distal end, a proximal end, and a plurality of sides extending from the distal end to the proximal end. Each of the triangular strips has an exterior side that defines a side of the rod and two interior sides that define an angle opposite the exterior side. The angle opposite the exterior side of at least one of the triangular strips is greater than the angle opposite the exterior side of the remaining triangular strips.
The DNA Sampling Hook is a significant improvement on a method of obtaining a tissue sample from a live fish in situ from an aquatic environment. A tissue sample taken from a live fish can be used for DNA analyses, which can identify the species of fish, as well as the unique individual fish. Taking a small tissue sample without bringing the fish to the surface is important as it allows for observing the fish community without harming the individual fish by inducing barotrauma or other stresses associated with bringing a fish up from depth, which can be lethal to the animal. These tissue samples are obtained by hook and line methods and do not capture or traumatize the fish resulting in a non-lethal and non-destructive method of observing fish individuals and species. The DNA Sampling Hook is specifically designed to virtually eliminate a condition called double bites, in which more than one individual fish gives up tissue to the same hook. It is also designed to protect the tissue sample in an enclosed manner and the device can be reused repeatedly for a total overall reduction in cost for programs requiring extensive numbers of tissue samples for DNA analysis.
Described is a live bait keeper system having a housing. The housing has a plurality of housing holes defined at its bottom. A pump is situated in the interior of the housing. A power cord is attached to the pump, traveling from the housing for connection to a shore or dock-located power supply. A hose has a proximal end and a distal discharge end. The proximal end is attached to the pump and the discharge end is adapted to be placed in a livewell of a boat. A lid is utilized for the housing and has defined thereon a plurality of lid holes. A rope is attached to the handle of the housing, wherein the housing with the pump and the lid can be lowered and maintained within a body of water for pumping the water into the livewell.
This unique, chemical-free, environmentally-friendly, No contamination, or poison
The ultimate Trap contains two sections the upper section has Two parts A, and B.
A, which is the portable pitch roof stayle to carry the bait Above the drowning hole to the second section. —B—
The B, section is contain the two slippery slopes Ramb they go Down from zero To 8, inches or more. To get Rats, Mice to the Lower section(Tank) through 6,inches hole.
The lower section is filled with water to drown and suffocated The rats,mice, mission accomplished.
For the jampo Rats we need to use Tazer device with motion sensor Work when their is a visiters (jampo Rats).
To deliver electric shock to the jampo Rats and make them drowsy And send them to their death to the lower section(Tank).
Filled with water to drown them and finished the job.
A gopher trap comprising has a first elongated body element pivotally attached at a substantially central point to a second elongated body element, a jaw structure at one end of each of the first and the second body elements such that the jaws close together by relative rotation of the body elements, a spring element placed to urge the first and second body elements apart on a side of the pivot point opposite the jaw elements, a moveable trigger mechanism spanning the two body elements on the jaw side of the pivot point, such that the trigger mechanism holds the jaws open until the trigger mechanism is tripped in a first direction, a tripping mechanism on the jaw side of the pivot point comprising a pivoted paddle extending forward and upward from a paddle pivot joined to one of the body elements, and a trip point that touches the movable trigger mechanism on one side, such that moving the paddle upward moves the trip point in the first direction. With the jaw end of the trap placed in a gopher run, dirt pushed toward the trap will raise the paddle and trip the trigger mechanism, causing the jaws to close with force provided by the spring element urging the body elements apart.
A termite control bait container includes an upper end portion opposite a lower end portion. The bait container includes a chamber containing a termite bait. The lower end portion includes an air-trapping pocket below at least a portion of the bait to reduce intrusion of water through the lower end portion when installed in a selected orientation at least partially below ground.
A device and method a provided for mixing and enhancing reaction between oil and a non-oil liquid by exploiting the formation, implosion and explosion of numerous cavitation bubbles within a cavitation device. Intense localized energy from the collapse of the cavitation bubbles subjects the mixture to intense heat and pressure, thereby accelerating reaction between the oil and non-oil liquid. In one embodiment, the non-oil liquid is an alcohol, and the cavitation device is used to enhance a transesterification reaction to convert the oil and alcohol into biodiesel in the presence of a catalyst.
Biomass materials such as yard waste, corn stover and switchgrass are compacted at high pressure to form dense “biomass logs” without binder or heat. Biomass logs serve as a solid fuel for heating buildings, and as feedstock for bio-reactors for liquefaction or gasification. Densifying the uncompacted fluffy biomass reduces space needed for storage, decreases the number of vehicles needed to transport biomass, and increases the energy density of fuel.
The present invention relates to a tree support and cover system. One embodiment of the present invention relates to a tree stand configured for efficient transportation of a tree. The tree stand includes two sets of wheels for use in translating the tree. A first set of wheels is disposed below the tree stand and allows for conventional translation with an erect tree. A second set of wheels is disposed on the side of the tree stand and allows for tipped translation. The tree stand may also include an optional electrical system with one or more electrical items including a timer, a Ground Fault Interrupter outlet, a remote controlled positioning system, etc. A second embodiment of the present invention relates to a collapsible tree cover that can be used to efficiently transport and store the tree. The collapsible tree cover can be concealed within a tree stand or used as a skirt when it is collapsed below the tree. The tree cover includes at least one adjustable expansion system with an elastically biased opening for use in reducing the diameter of the tree. The tree cover includes at least one storage opening which can be used to store items around the trunk of the tree when the tree cover is extended over the tree. The tree stand and tree cover embodiments can also be used in conjunction with one another to provide additional features.
A method for creating a verified food source comprises planting verified seed in accordance with planting protocols to create a crop, growing the crop in accordance with crop protocols, harvesting the crop in accordance with harvest protocols to obtain grain, storing the grain in accordance with storage protocols, inspecting the grain to identify grain that meets predetermined grain standards, verifying the grain that meets the predetermined grain standards, feeding the verified grain to a certified food source, fostering the food source in accordance with fostering protocols, inspecting the food source to identify food source that meets the fostering protocols, and verifying the food source that meets the fostering protocols.
A method and system for hydrogen sulfide removal from a sour gas mixture including hydrogen sulfide includes providing an aqueous solution comprising a transition metal oxide, sulfide or carbonate compound, wherein a transition metal of the transition metal oxide is at a first valence and has at least one reduction state from the first valence. The sour gas mixture is reacted with the transition metal compound and the aqueous solution in a reactor, wherein sulfide from the hydrogen sulfide is oxidized to form elemental sulfur and the transition metal is reduced to form a reduced state transition metal compound. An electrochemical redox reaction is performed including the reduced state transition metal compound to regenerate the transition metal compound in an electrolyzer comprising an anode, a cathode, and an electrolyte membrane between the anode and cathode, wherein an oxygen including gas is added to the cathode during the electrochemical redox reaction. The transition metal compound that is regenerated in the electrochemical redox reaction is then returned to the reactor for the reacting.
Systems and processes for producing synthesis gas. A carbonaceous feedstock can be combined with one or more low-oxygen carrier fluids having a high heating value. The feedstock and carrier fluid, in the presence of one or more oxidants, can be gasified to provide a synthesis gas. In one or more embodiments, at least a portion of the synthesis gas can be recycled for use as the carrier fluid.
The invention is a system for gearless operation of a movable barrier utilizing Lorentz forces, and in particular, a movable barrier operator retrofitted with a gearless motor capable of high torque at very low speeds. Eliminating a gear system in accordance with the present invention lowers maintenance requirements, increases efficiency, and streamlines operation of any movable barrier. By utilizing a motor which produces high-torque at low a speeds a system in accordance with the present invention does away with the need for complicated gears and pulley systems in order to achieve control of movable barriers. The present invention allows manufacturers, distributors and consumers to implement movable barrier systems with much more versatility and efficiency.
A drive apparatus for opening and closing a window glass provided in a door having an inner panel is disclosed. The drive apparatus includes a motor provided in the door and a regulator that receives drive force from the motor and selectively open and close the window glass. The door noise includes motor operating noise and vibration transmission noise that is generated when vibration of the motor is transmitted to the inner panel via the regulator. The motor is configured such that a first-order frequency component in vibration of the motor is greater than any other nth component (n is an integer greater than or equal to two), so that the first-order frequency component in the door noise is greater than any other nth frequency component (n is an integer greater than or equal to two).
A window assembly for a vehicle having a body structure with a window enclosure, and a method of installing a window, is disclosed. The window assembly includes a window and a window regulator bracket assembly. The window is slidable into the window enclosure. The window regulator bracket assembly includes a support rod having an upper end mounted to the body structure and a lower end with threads. The window regulator bracket assembly also includes a spring housing slidably received on the lower end of the support rod, a compression spring, a support nut threadably received on the threaded portion in engagement with the spring plate, and a support jaw engaging the bottom edge of the window. The support nut is screwed onto the support rod against the bias of the spring to secure the window in its closed position.
Diamond clusters are used as a polishing material of free abrading particles, each being a combination of artificial diamond particles having primary particle diameters of 20 nm or less and impurities that are attached around these diamond particles. The density of non-diamond carbon contained in the impurities is in the range of 95% or more and 99% or less, and the density of chlorine contained in other than non-diamond carbon in the impurities is 0.5% or more and preferably 3.5% or less. The diameters of these diamond clusters are in the range of 30 nm or more and 500 nm or less, and their average diameter is in the range of 30 nm or more and 200 nm or less. Such polishing material is produced first by an explosion shock method to obtain diamond clusters and then removing the impurities such that density of non-diamond carbon contained in the impurities and density of chlorine contained in other than non-diamond carbon in the impurities become adjusted.
A roof system designed to retain water during storms and release it slowly over a period of time includes a polymeric water impervious membrane covered with a drainage board in turn covered with a water retention mat. The water retention mat and drainage board are held in position by ballast, preferably gravel. The mat is designed to retain at least about 25% of a one-inch per hour rainfall and release it gradually over 2 to 3 hours, thereby reducing rain runoff during storms and reducing the load on a storm sewer system
A gutter cover having a generally flat central portion, a front edge margin bent relative to the central portion to form a forwardly opening channel generally V-shaped in transverse section extending substantially continuously along the entire length of the cover, and a rear edge margin formed integrally with the central portion bent at an obtuse angle with respect to the central portion. The cover may be made of wire screen and is no greater than 0.10 inches thick.
The invention is a window safety harness which can be clamped to the frame of a window and which provides a solid anchor point for a person working around the window. The device includes a bar for placement inside the window, a bar for placement outside the window, and a connecting piece which holds the bars in rigid, spaced apart relation to each other. Each end of both the inside and the outside bar have contact pads which are configured to contact the window frame. They also include a tightening mechanism which tightens the contact pads against the window frame and secures the device in the window frame. An anchor point allows a worker to attach himself to the anchor point for work outside the window, or to anchor a line to the window frame.
The cantilevered ceiling system has a horizontally extending support beam which supports at least two panels. The panels, when positioned substantially horizontally, are securely maintained to the beam by a gravity operated lock.
An apparatus for lifting and lowering buildings includes first and second beam support frames. Each support frame includes a horizontal base adapted to rest on the ground, a vertical beam guide extending upward from the base, a beam support member engaged in the vertical beam guide such that the beam support member moves substantially vertically up and down in the beam guide, and a jack mechanism operative to move the beam support member up and down. A beam having a length selected for use to raise a selected building has a first end supported by a beam support member of the first support frame, and a second end supported by a beam support member of the second support frame.
An adjustable footing assembly comprising a footing member including a base element and a vertical element. The vertical element is connected to the base portion and the vertical element defines a bore therein. An elongate coupling member has a lower portion positionally adjustably situated within the bore of the vertical portion of said footing member and an upper portion structured and arranged for connection to an end of a stair support member. Rotation of the elongate coupling member results in movement of the elongate coupling member vertically along a vertical axis of the bore.
A composite wall system includes a foundationless wall substructure such as a sheet piling wall with a base portion embedded in the ground and an exposed portion extending above the ground, and one or more fascia panels or sheets such as synthetic simulated stonework panels applied over the foundationless wall substructure. Components of the wall system prevent debris from entering between the wall substructure and the fascia panels, and in seawall applications prevent water incursion and resist wave action.
An innovative, low-density, highly-insulating modular panel for use in many applications and industries. The panel consists of a frame and a “tube” or “pocket” of thin, low-density, lightweight material that has the capability of sufficiently stretching to surround the frame when the “tube” or “pocket” is pulled onto it. When fabricated, the “tube” or “pocket” panel covering was made slightly narrower than the frame. The “tube” or “pocket” is then secured along the previously open end or ends of the panel, where frame was inserted, by various fastening devices. The panel is durable and cost-effective for numerous uses. It has very good solar-control and insulating qualities. It also has usefulness as an improved windbreak panel, an improved noise-reduction panel, an improved hail and impact protection panel, a fall protection panel and, in some applications, an improved pollution-control panel.
A method of making a barrier portion of ornamental staircases, balconies and fences is disclosed including the use of a cutting device to create a design panel from a sheet of material. The panels are cut from materials including steel, bronze, aluminum and other metals, alloys, plastics and wood by using cutting devices such as high energy lasers, water jets and routers guided by computer. The panels are cut to emulate wrought iron panels used in prior art staircase and balcony decorative elements without the problems of requiring a skilled installer to forge the elements and weld them together and then install the elements. The panels are pre-finished in factory and are easily assembled; useable in staircases having open and closed stringers such that they can be installed by the homeowner, meet required codes and have long lasting rust free characteristics at a low cost.
A stairway assembly having an external step portion, an internal step portion slidably engaged with the external step portion; a first stringer secured to the external step portion to support the external step portion; and a second stringer secured to the internal step portion to support the internal step portion.
An apparatus and method for increasing storage capacity of granular material storage structures. The apparatus includes a curtain assembly supportable from the roof structure of the granular material storage structure and above the sidewalls thereby defining a second volume within which the granular material may be filled which is above the first volume defined by the interior volume of the sidewalls and the volume defined by the angle of repose of the granular material.
Systems are provided for use in balcony structures. The system includes a joist comprising an upper chord and a lower chord separated by a web. One end of the joist is supported by a supporting member and a cantilevered balcony extends generally perpendicularly from the supporting member. The cantilevered balcony comprises a cementitious balcony slab extending from a cementitious floor slab. The cementitious floor slab includes a backspan region extending from the top of the supporting member opposite the cementitious balcony slab. A portion of the joist in the backspan region comprises a decking supporting member coupled to the web between the upper chord and the lower chord. The joist in the backspan region supports decking using the decking supporting member; however, the joist beyond the backspan region supports decking above the upper chord. In this way, the cementitious floor slab in the backspan region is thicker than the cementitious floor slab beyond the backspan region.
Disclosed is a building construction system and structural modules for erecting structures such as walls quickly, easily, and effectively. The building structure comprising: a wall formed by a plurality of code blocks selected from the group consisting of full-length stretcher code blocks, one-third-length code blocks, full-length-plain-end stretcher code blocks, one-third-length-plain-end code blocks, belting code blocks, and combinations thereof, wherein the full-length stretcher code blocks, the one-third-length code blocks, the full-length-plain-end stretcher code blocks have a web-like structure capable of receiving a plurality of first reinforcement bars; and a beam structure disposed at a top or interim portion of the wall, the beam structure formed by a plurality of code blocks selected from the group consisting of full-length belting code blocks, one-third-length-plain-end code blocks, and combinations thereof, wherein, the full-length belting code blocks have a U-shaped knock-out capable of accommodating a cage of reinforcement bars and reinforcement ties.
Embodiments of the present invention provide systems for connecting a flooring system to a vertical wall. In one embodiment the building structure includes a floor comprising a cementitious slab and a wall supporting at least a portion of the cementitious slab. A plurality of stand-off screws extend from the top of the wall into the cementitious slab and are configured to transfer forces between the cementitious slab and the wall. The stand-off screws comprise a lower screw portion and an upper stand-off portion. The lower screw portion is drilled into the top of the wall, and the upper stand-off portion extends above the top of the wall and is encapsulated within the cementitious slab. In some embodiments, at least a portion of the lower screw portion is heat treated to a higher degree of hardness relative to the remainder of the stand-off screw.
The present invention provides an apparatus and method for simulating a building environment through which emergency personnel may be trained by practicing search and rescue. The present invention provides an apparatus including a plurality of wall panels which can be joined together and simulate a floor plan of a building. The wall panels preferably are modular prefabricated wall panels adapted to be assembled and disassembled permitting the same wall panels to be adapted for use to provide different floor plans. Thus, a modular kit incorporating a plurality of different wall panels may be arranged and subsequently rearranged into as many different floor plans as desired thus providing a variety of different floor plans which will provide challenging training in search and rescue.
A stabilizing system for a deck system has a plurality of pedestals, a plurality of connection locations on a periphery of the pedestals and at least one stabilizing member secured g between the pedestals. Each of the pedestals supports corner portions of adjacent blocks, pavers or panels a spaced distance above an underlying structure extending generally parallel to the blocks, pavers or panels. The plurality of connection locations on a periphery of the pedestals are located both proximate the supported corner portions and proximate the underlying structure. At least one stabilizing member in the form of a stabilizing bar, elongate wires, wire rope, cable or rods is secured to and extends between the connection locations of at least two of the pedestals.
An under deck drainage system for use with a deck. The system includes at least one starter strip mounted to one or more joists of the deck, a plurality of clips coupled with the starter strip, where the clips are slidable along the starter strip. The system further includes an elongate channel member coupled with at least one of the plurality of clips, and the elongate channel member has at least one channel therein.
A prefabrication system having a floor component and a frame component. In particular, the floor component includes a deck member, which can be made of deck sections, profiles, or panels. For example, the deck member can be made of continuous panels that cover the desired width and length of the floor component. Alternatively, the deck member can be made of preassembled sections that are combined in juxtaposed relation to form the desired width and length. The frame component includes opposing horizontal support channels that are attached to opposing vertical columns, respectfully.
The composite joist floor system includes joists supported by supporting members. Corrugated steel decking is positioned over the joists such that the corrugations are substantially perpendicular to the joists. Self-drilling, self-tapping, stand-off screws are spaced along the length of the joist, aligned with the deck corrugations. These stand-off screws provide the required shear transfer between the joist and concrete slab to form a composite floor system. The placed concrete encapsulates the upper non-threaded shank portions of the stand-off screws and the end of the joists. After the concrete has cured, the resultant system comprised of steel joists, steel decking, stand-off screws, and concrete, act together to form a composite system with greater load carrying capacity and less vertical deflection. The stand-off screws connect the joist upper chords to the concrete slab allowing the joist and concrete slab to act as a unit, by transferring shear between the two joined components.
A support structure is provided for supporting the one end of a floor joist using a flush joist seat. The flush joist seat generally includes a generally horizontal plate having a first portion, a second portion, and a third portion. The first portion is welded to the top of the floor joist and the third portion rests on the top of the support structure. The second portion is located beyond the end of the floor joist, between the first portion and the second portion. A generally vertical plate extends downward from the second portion of the generally horizontal plate and is welded to a portion of the end of the floor joist.
A prefabricated panelization system having a floor or roof component and a frame component. In particular, the floor or roof component includes a deck member, which can be made of deck sections, profiles, or panels. For example, the deck member can be made of continuous panels that cover the desired width and length of the floor or roof component without intermediate beams between supporting elements. Alternatively, the deck members can be made of individual or panelized sections that are combined in juxtaposed relation to form the desired width and length. The frame component includes opposing horizontal support channels that are attached to opposing columns, respectfully.
A panel for use in constructing a ceiling of an enclosure, particularly a cleanroom without using a grid support. The panel includes a thin shell or skin which is placed around an internal bracing member in such as fashion that the resulting panel can be hung from an overhead support in a fashion to have a single join or seam between adjacent panels.
A corner block and a wall block system with a corner block for forming in multiple courses a wall which includes first and second visible wall portions which meet at a corner and where the corner block has a front face and at least one side surface having a texture or pattern matching the texture or pattern of a front face of a first block of the wall system.
A modular adjustable structural support system for the installation of medical equipment above operating rooms or equipment above telecommunications facilities comprising a plurality of girders, plurality of girder connectors, a plurality of steel installation connectors for steel construction, a plurality of concrete installation connectors for concrete construction and plurality of bracing members wherein said components form a grid allowing for moving and interchanging girders.
A molding retainer is provided for securing a molding to a return flange in a roof ditch. The retainer generally includes a throat, a stop, a molding seat and a molding clip. In the case of a discontinuous flange having individual flange coupons, the throat may define a through-hole that fits over each flange coupon. The throat may include a plurality of fingers adapted to snap fit into windows in the flange coupons, with the fingers being mounted at different heights to accommodate variations in the placement of the windows. In the case of a continuous flange, the throat may define a channel that fits over the flange. The stop engages the floor of the roof ditch to provide a reference point for the height of the molding, and the molding clip engages and holds the molding.
The multifunctional finishing set for a floor covering includes: a modular profile with at least one groove arranged therein for separation of the profile into two distinct modules, a decorative film which is applied to the profile and covers the separation groove and a fixed reinforcement means housed in the separation groove which permits a reinforcement of the modular profile in the region of the separation groove.
A clip for connecting steel bars, the clip having two loop shaped ends which are connected by a intermediate wire piece which is bent such that the clip can be mounted on a crossing of at least two rods and will keep its position on that rod before the clip is twisted to secure the rods together. Also disclosed is a hook for engaging such a clip, wherein the hook has a shaft that, on one end is provided with the hook element and that, on the other free end is insertable in a hand power tool such as a hand drill. Further a method for connecting at least two steel bars crossing each other is provided, the method including the use of a jig, clips and a hook with a hand powered tool.
A reinforcing assembly for use in a structural concrete member, such as a slab, footing, raft foundation, beam, wall and column, has at least one reinforcing stud with an elongate stem an anchor head at one or both ends, and a support apparatus for positioning the stud in the concrete member. The apparatus has a rail and connector to mechanically secure the stem to the rail in a given spacing and orientation. The connector may be in to form of a clip member for mounting on the rail and for securing the stud thereto, or the connector may be formed integrally with the rail in the form of a recess along an edge of the rail. The rail typically positions a plurality of studs in the concrete member at a given location, direction and spacing.
A defect in a roof membrane is detected by applying a DC voltage between the roof deck and a perimeter conductor and using a detection probe pair to provide a signal indicative of the differences in voltage detected by the pair of probes so as to allow the operator to locate the defect by moving the probes to different locations. The probes are mounted on a rigid common frame such that the probe pair has a fixed separation and the frame includes a handle portion which allows ready manipulation of the frame carrying the probes by the operator. The receiver provides an audible signal emitter to the operator and includes a calibration circuit arranged to automatically maintain, despite changes in voltage applied between the roof deck and the peripheral conductor, a “0” set calibration point so as to indicate at the calibration point when zero difference in voltage is detected.
An electrical conduit encasement including a top section and bottom section secured together by mortar and adjacent encasements by mortar. A pair of vertically extending threaded rods suspend the concrete encasements with the rods extending through members attached to plates embededly attached to the encasements.
The invention provides a method for the construction of a civil engineering structure comprising first and second superimposed components. According to this method: the second component is positioned beneath a fixed lifting structure comprising lifting means, the second component is lifted using the lifting means, the first component is positioned beneath the fixed lifting structure substantially below the second component, and the second component is substantially placed on the first component using the lifting means.
This tool allows a craftsman to use an age old, proven method to align metal doors to door frames in an efficient fashion.
An assembly includes a first structural member made from a first material, such as aluminum, a second structural member made from a second material, such as magnesium, and adapted to mate and interlock with the first member, and a third structural member made from the first material to facilitate a permanent affixation between the first and second members. The second member fits within the first member and the third member fits within the second member. The second member includes at least one aperture surrounded by a protrusion, and the third member includes at least one aperture that mates and interlocks with the protrusion. A surface of the third member is exposed through the apertures of the first and second members. The first member is welded to the third member through the apertures in order to permanently affix the first and second members to one another without metallurgical altering or local welding of the second member.
An apparatus, method and system for covering and protecting substantially tall poles. The apparatus includes a covering layer positionable over at least a portion of the exterior of a pole. The covering layer is non-corrosive and preferably impact and tear resistant. In one aspect of the invention, the covering layer is a sheet of material dimensioned to wrap around a corresponding part of the pole. A bracket can be used to secure the opposite adjacent edges of the wrap. Hardware can be used to secure the wrap from longitudinal movement along the pole. The wrap can be colored, textured, or patterned.
A mechanical header is provided for spanning a corridor in a building and for hanging mechanical equipment therefrom. The mechanical header includes a first angle member comprising a first horizontal portion and a first vertical portion, where the first horizontal portion extends away from the first vertical portion in a first direction. The mechanical header further includes a second angle member comprising a second horizontal portion and a second vertical portion, where the second horizontal portion extends away from the second vertical portion in a direction opposite the first direction. A spanning beam is coupled to the first vertical member and to the second vertical member. The first horizontal portion is configured to rest on top of a first wall structure, and the second horizontal portion is configured to rest on top of a second wall structure, such that spanning beam spans the corridor and hangs just at or below the level of the top of the first and second wall structures.
A case adapted to contain absorbent articles includes an outer surface having a bar code, a product code, and a single brand display having a trademark in logo, wherein the brand display defines a brand display area of less than 4 inches by 6 inches. A method of providing absorbent articles includes providing a case in a branded condition, wherein the case includes a brand display having a brand display area of no more than 4 inches by no more than 6 inches. The method includes converting the case, or instructing a customer to convert the case, from the branded condition to a discreet condition by covering the brand display with a discretion mask or cleanly removing the brand display.
A coupon insertion apparatus configured for sequentially inserting coupons into receiving containers, including a machine frame, at least one pair of opposed rollers mounted to the frame and adjustable between a closed position and an open position. A moving carriage system including a main carriage housing having one roller of each of the at least one pair of rollers that are automatically slidably adjustable between open and closed positions. A control system is constructed and arranged for automating the movement of the main carriage relative to the machine frame.
A box wrapping assembly and method incorporates a framework having a special top hold-down platen that functions with a cooperating fixture that is affixed to a rotatable turntable. Using this assembly and method, the operator can place four sidewall panels in a self-positioning fixture and panel-capturing platen prior to wrapping. Stretch film is connected to the fixture by means of hook device and the stretch film is automatically pre-stretched to a rope of stretched film for particular application where the box contents are intended to be contained within the box under pressure.
A method for securely transporting value documents and objects from a departure site to a destination site, such as, banknotes, checks or bankcards locked in a container which causes the degradation thereof by appropriate elements in case of breaking or attempted of breaking. The method makes it possible to send the value documents or objects from a sender to a consignee via at least one security guard. The value documents and objects before being taken over by the security guard are disposed by the sender inside of one or several boxes including first security elements for disclosing any breaking or attempt of breaking by a person other than the sender or the consignee by self-destruction or self-deterioration of the boxes, afterwards the boxes are positioned in the container for transferring it to the consignee by the security guard.
A forming apparatus is provided for forming a film into a sleeve around a filling tube. The forming apparatus has contact surface geometry that is contacted by the film as it travels thereacross configured to ensure smooth forming of the film into the sleeve. Smooth forming of the film into the sleeve is achieved, in part, by reducing longitudinal tensile forces in the film, by selecting the contact surface geometry to minimize transverse variations in tensile forces in the film, and by having contact edges of the contact surfaces shaped to reduce unnecessary stresses in the film.
Enclosed is an air conditioner including a foreign matter collecting unit to secondarily collect foreign matter in a brush assembly when the brush assembly for firstly collecting and accumulating the foreign matter filtered by a filter automatically moves. Therefore, the foreign matter separated from the filter is firstly collected in the brush assembly, and the foreign matter can be secondly collected in the foreign matter collecting unit by moving the brush assembly. Therefore, the foreign matter filtered by the filter is automatically removed so that the inconvenient of exchanging and cleaning the filter can be settled and pollution of the filter can be prevented. Since the foreign matter is discharged to outdoor side by simply detaching the foreign matter collecting unit so that convenience of use can be enhanced.
The present invention discloses a filter assembly which includes a compartmented housing structure having a plurality of inlets and an outlet. A first inlet is positioned in flow communication with a first chamber portion and a first filter member. A second inlet is positioned in flow communication with a second chamber portion and a second filter member. A third chamber portion is located between the first and second filter members and is in flow communication with the outlet such that ambient air entering the housing through the first and second inlets will flow through the first and second filter members into the third chamber portion and through the outlet.
An air treatment system includes features for maximizing efficiency and effectiveness. In one embodiment, a sensor air passage utilizes a low pressure region created by the blower to draw air through the passage. In another embodiment, a filter frame includes a plurality of connectors formed integrally with the filter frame. In another embodiment, a screen is positioned adjacent to the blower intake. The screen includes a plurality of angled strands oriented in a particular direction. In another embodiment, a remote control holder is formed integrally with the housing. In another embodiment, a gasket is positioned between the blower and the housing, forming a seal between the blower and the housing.
A compact filter has a filter housing and a compact filter element that is arranged in the filter housing, wherein the filter element is exchangeable. The compact filter element has a filter body having a longitudinal axis. The compact filter element has an unfiltered air side and a filtered air side. A baffle element is arranged at the unfiltered air side of the compact filter element. The baffle element is removable together with the filter element from the filter housing and has at least one baffle surface that is slanted relative to the longitudinal axis.
An air treatment system includes features for maximizing efficiency and effectiveness. In one embodiment, a sensor air passage utilizes a low pressure region created by the blower to draw air through the passage. In another embodiment, a filter frame includes a plurality of connectors formed integrally with the filter frame. In another embodiment, a screen is positioned adjacent to the blower intake. The screen includes a plurality of angled strands oriented in a particular direction. In another embodiment, a remote control holder is formed integrally with the housing. In another embodiment, a gasket is positioned between the blower and the housing, forming a seal between the blower and the housing.
An air treatment system includes features for maximizing efficiency and effectiveness. In one embodiment, a sensor air passage utilizes a low pressure region created by the blower to draw air through the passage. In another embodiment, a filter frame includes a plurality of connectors formed integrally with the filter frame. In another embodiment, a screen is positioned adjacent to the blower intake. The screen includes a plurality of angled strands oriented in a particular direction. In another embodiment, a remote control holder is formed integrally with the housing. In another embodiment, a gasket is positioned between the blower and the housing, forming a seal between the blower and the housing.
An air treatment system includes features for maximizing efficiency and effectiveness. In one embodiment, a sensor air passage utilizes a low pressure region created by the blower to draw air through the passage. In another embodiment, a filter frame includes a plurality of connectors formed integrally with the filter frame. In another embodiment, a screen is positioned adjacent to the blower intake. The screen includes a plurality of angled strands oriented in a particular direction. In another embodiment, a remote control holder is formed integrally with the housing. In another embodiment, a gasket is positioned between the blower and the housing, forming a seal between the blower and the housing.
With a rotary mower having a driveline including a plurality of gearboxes, a method of operating the rotary mower includes providing a sensor operative to measure a temperature of each gearbox in the driveline; monitoring the temperature in each gear box; and operating the mower to maintain the temperature of each gearbox at a level below a maximum acceptable temperature.
A system and method for adjusting the frequency of clip for a reel mower cutting unit is provided. The system includes an operator interface outputting a voltage corresponding to a frequency of clip setting, and a reel motor controller calculating a travel speed of the reel mower cutting unit based on a voltage reading from a voltage bus and a scale factor applied to the voltage reading, and calculating a required reel speed based on the travel speed, the voltage corresponding to the frequency of clip setting, and at least one numerical constant specific to the reel mower cutting unit. The method includes the steps of reading a voltage on a voltage bus, mapping the voltage to an engine speed, calculating a travel speed of the reel mower cutting unit based on the engine speed and numerical constants specific to the reel mower cutting unit, reading a voltage provided by an operator interface corresponding to a frequency of clip setting selected by an operator on the operator interface, and calculating the required reel speed based on the travel speed, the frequency of clip setting, and numerical constants specific to the reel mower cutting unit.
A turf maintenance vehicle includes an internal combustion engine and an energy converting device that converts mechanical energy from the engine to electric energy. The vehicle also includes at least one subsystem powered by the electric energy from the energy converting device. The vehicle further includes a demand sensor that detects electrical demand from the subsystem. Also, the vehicle includes a controller that changes a speed range of the engine based on the electrical demand, which changes the operating voltage range output from the energy converting device. A method of operation of the vehicle is also disclosed.
A rotary mower apparatus comprising a mower deck and two wings, with a plurality of rear wheels mounted behind the mower decks and at least two front wheels mounted ahead of the mower decks such that the mower decks ride along the ground; a floating hitch member is pivotally attached about a vertical and horizontal hitch axes to the front end of the central mower deck and pivotally attached at an opposite end to a tractor allowing the mower decks to float independently. The hitch member contains a mower angle control comprising a bell crank and a hydraulic actuator fixedly attached to a vertical shaft; and a driveline comprising gearboxes, drive shafts, universal joints, and double universal joints arranged such that the mower angle control can pivot the hitch about the vertical hitch axis moving the mower from a minimum offset position to the maximum offset position.
A stalk roll for a corn head row unit has a conical seat and a spherical seat for mounting the stalk roll on a stalk roll driveshaft of a row unit. Each row unit has a drive shaft with a corresponding conical portion and a threaded fastener with a corresponding spherical portion for capturing the stalk roll on the drive shaft between mating conical shaft and stalk roll portions toward one end and mating spherical shaft and fastener portions at the other stalk roll end.
A grass catcher mounting device is provided for a reel mower cutting unit, including a pair of outwardly extending pivot rods on the left and right sides of the grass catcher, and a pair of slots in the side panels of the reel mower cutting unit receiving the pivot rods such that the grass catcher can pitch with respect to the reel mower cutting unit. The mounting device also includes a forwardly extending center support on which the grass catcher rests and which supports most of the weight of the grass catcher. The center support allows the grass catcher to pitch, roll and steer or yaw.
Disclosed herein is an electric heating cable which is used in an electric heating apparatus and minimizes an electromagnetic field. The electric heating cable is manufactured by twisting first and second electric heating strands in three axes. Each electric heating strand includes a core wire comprising a stranded wire of a resistor, and an insulating sheath made of fluorine resin. According to the invention, the electric heating cable does not come untwisted in a free state even if no adhering means is used, and is compactly twisted, so that the electric heating cable maintains a state of closer contact and has superior flexibility, thus reducing leakage flux, and the electric heating cable has a small in outer diameter and is light, so that it is useful for a thin electric heating apparatus, and incurs a low manufacturing cost.
A thermal management system includes at least one heat exchanger in communication with a bypass flow of a gas turbine engine. The placement of the heat exchanger(s) minimizes weight and aerodynamic losses and contributes to overall performance increase over traditional ducted heat exchanger placement schemes.
A thermal management system includes at least two of a multiple of heat exchangers arranged in an at least partial-series relationship.
An exhaust system for use with an engine is disclosed. The exhaust system may have a first treatment device situated to receive a flow of exhaust and convert a first constituent of the exhaust to a second constituent, and a second treatment device located downstream of the first treatment device to reduce the first and second constituents. The exhaust system may also have a sensor configured to generate a signal indicative of one of a temperature and an oxygen concentration of the exhaust, and a controller in communication with the sensor. The controller may be configured to vary the other of the temperature and the oxygen concentration based on the signal such that a desired amount of the first constituent is converted to the second constituent by the first treatment device prior to reduction by the second treatment device.
A system for regenerating a catalytic particulate filter located in a diesel engine exhaust line, including an electronic control unit, a controlled fuel injector arranged upstream of the catalytic particulate filter and supplied with fuel by a controlled pump, and a sensor for measuring the fuel feeding pressure of the injector. Further, a detection mechanism detects an open position locking of the injector based on the fuel feeding pressure of the injector.
A method for regeneration of a CDPF disposed in the exhaust stream of a diesel engine. The method includes a second phase operation following a first phase substantially as disclosed in the prior art. As the first phase ends, as indicated by a temperature sensor at the exit end of the CDPF, the temperature and oxygen content of the exhaust gas are increased at the entrance to the CDPF in an ensuing second stage. These increases cause oxidation of the soot remaining near the entrance and the sides of the CDPF, resulting in a cleaner and higher-capacity CDPF than is produced by a single-phase regeneration in the prior art. The sequential stages are implemented via an algorithm programmed into an Engine Control Module (ECM). A CDPF regenerated in accordance with the invention can have approximately 95% of its filtration capacity restored.
A method for triggering a new regeneration event in a soot-trapping particulates filter disposed in an exhaust gas stream of an internal combustion engine, comprising the steps of determining instantaneous engine speed and engine load; determining instantaneous mass fractions for wet soot and for dry soot in the exhaust gas stream for the instantaneous engine speed and load; determining instantaneous concentrations of wet and dry soot particles in the exhaust gas; determining the rates of accumulation of wet soot and dry soot in the particulates filter; determining the total amounts of wet soot and dry soot accumulated in said soot-trapping device during all engine operation conditions since the latest previous regeneration event; and triggering the new regeneration event when the total amount of wet soot and dry soot exceeds a permissible value.
Disclosed is a fuel filter for removing sulfur containing compounds from an internal combustion fuel stream. In one embodiment, the fuel filter comprises at least one column comprising an adsorbent. In one exemplary embodiment the adsorbent is capable of removing sulfur containing compounds, especially sulfur containing aromatic compounds, from fuels used in internal combustion engines, especially diesel fuels. Also disclosed is an apparatus for extending the life cycle of a post combustion emission control device. In one exemplary embodiment, the apparatus comprises a fuel filter for removing sulfur containing compounds from an internal combustion fuel stream and an emission control device. Finally, a method for removing sulfur containing compounds from an internal combustion fuel stream is disclosed. In one exemplary embodiment, the method comprises passing a fuel through a fuel filter capable of removing sulfur containing compounds, storing the removed sulfur containing compounds, releasing a portion of the stored sulfur containing compounds, and sending the portion through the engine and into an emission control device.
A double-walled exhaust system component having hollow ceramic microspheres disposed between inner and outer pipes and method of making the same. The hollow ceramic microspheres have a size distribution wherein, on a bulk volume basis, at least 90 percent of the hollow ceramic microsphere have a size of less than 150 micrometers.
A low-cost catalytic article is provided for treating gaseous fluid streams such as exhaust streams from gasoline-powered engines. The articles contain residence chambers defined by chamber walls and foraminous catalytic elements that contain a catalyst composition for converting a reactant contained in the fluid stream, and deflectors, which increase the residence time of the fluid stream in the residence chamber and the contact time of the fluid stream with the catalytic element.
The present invention provides dual-layer to flange weld joint for an exhaust manifold assembly. The manifold includes an inner assembly connected to a flange, and an outer shell spaced apart from the inner assembly to allow for an air gap between the shell and the inner assembly. The outer shell further includes a gap between the end portion of the outer shell and the flange. This gap allows a single exterior weld joint to connect the inner assembly and outer shell to the flange.
An engine exhaust dispersing device includes a tubular member having a first portion formed as a generally cylindrical wall and adapted to be mounted in fluid communication with an exhaust outlet and a second portion formed as a longitudinally-sectioned cylindrical wall defining a longitudinally extending opening, and, a wedge surface formed on said second portion and protruding into the longitudinally extending opening, the wedge surface having an apex adjacent or in the first portion and a base at an end of the second portion, the base having a width substantially equal to a width of the second portion.
A motor vehicle control device with a digital control loop has an actuator of an electrical actuator device in order to regulate the pressure of the volumetric flow of a motor vehicle hydraulic apparatus. A current limiting unit is provided in the forward path of the digital control loop between the digital controller of the latter and the actuator of the electrical actuator device. The current limiting unit, in order to protect the components of the electrical actuator device, limits the manipulated variable signal from the digital control loop if a predefined permissible current threshold value is exceeded in the electrical actuator device. The digital controller has an additional limiting unit which essentially limits the I component of its manipulated variable signal from the time at which the current limiting unit is activated.
An apparatus, system, and method are disclosed for a single-actuated multi-function valve. The apparatus includes a primary fluid conduit, a secondary fluid conduit, and a valve. The primary fluid conduit flows from an exhaust manifold to an outlet through a high pressure turbocharger and a low pressure turbocharger. The secondary fluid conduit flows from the exhaust manifold to an outlet through the low pressure turbocharger. The valve has two flow passages—the first flow passage is a variable restriction within the primary fluid conduit, and the second flow passage is a variable restriction within the secondary fluid conduit. Turning the valve one direction from a nominal position controls the flow ratios in the primary and secondary fluid conduits, while turning the valve in the other direction from the nominal position controls exhaust braking.
Method and system for condensing steam at any temperature, the steam being in contact with a large water surface, whereby the relative temperatures of the steam and water are regulated so that the steam is kept at under-saturation pressure and the water temperature is kept at up to 100° C.
A combustor end cap assembly having an improved cooling configuration is disclosed. Embodiments of the present invention are directed towards an apparatus and method for cooling an effusion plate of the combustor end cap assembly. The combustor end cap assembly also incorporates an impingement plate having a plurality of cooling holes with the impingement plate positioned a predetermined distance from the effusion plate. The cooling fluid passes through the impingement plate and is directed towards and onto the effusion plate for cooling of the effusion plate.
A combustor for a turbine engine includes an outer liner and an inner liner circumscribed by the outer liner to form a combustion chamber therewith in which an air and fuel mixture is combusted to form streamlines of combustion gases. A first plurality of effusion cooling holes is formed in at least one of the inner or outer liners, with the first plurality of effusion cooling holes being oriented as a function of the streamlines.
A bleed valve bleeds hot gases from a compressor into a bypass duct of a gas turbine engine. The valve comprises a diffuser having opposing walls and a divider located between the walls and which define at least two passages through which a bleed fluid flows and into a fluid flow through the bypass duct. The passages are angled towards each other to force the two gas flows together to form a high aspect ratio plume. This plume has a relatively large surface area that that improves mixing with the bypass flow to cool it and prevented otherwise hot bleed flows from impinging on heat sensitive components adjacent the bypass duct.
An integrated thermoelectric cooling element and a positive temperature coefficient heating element are integrated into a single package. A heat sink is shared between the thermoelectric cooling element and the positive temperature coefficient.
A cryogenic container with a built-in refrigerator according to the present invention comprises the refrigerator having a first heat absorbing part and a first heat dissipating part, a vacuum vessel for containing and thermally insulating an object to be cooled while holding the object at a cryogenic temperature through the first heat absorbing part of the refrigerator, and a pre-cooling unit having a second heat absorbing part and a second heat dissipating part for cooling the first heat dissipating part, wherein the first heat dissipating part and the second heat absorbing part are arranged inside the vacuum vessel, and a part of a heat dissipating unit including the second heat dissipating part is exposed outside the vacuum vessel.
According to the present invention, in the cryogenic container with the built-in refrigerator capable of cooling the object to be cooled to the cryogenic temperature, the refrigerator efficiency can be improved by cooling a heat dissipating surface of the first heat dissipating part of the refrigerator to a level lower than the room temperature.
A limiter is provided to limit the motion of components in a cryostat during transit. This permits the use of a support structure which minimises the disturbance to an insulating structure and thus reduces ingress of heat to the cryogen. Cryogen loss is reduced leading to lower operating costs.
A refrigerant recovery unit is provided that can recover and recharge refrigerant. The unit is further configured with a pair of service hoses and a refrigerant control circuit operable to receive and transport the refrigerant between the hoses and the storage vessel and to process the refrigerant to substantially remove contaminants from the refrigerant. A fluid connector is provided in fluid communication with the hoses to enable the refrigerant to flow between the hoses and to establish a closed loop through the refrigerant control circuit, and a controller is operatively connected to the refrigerant control circuit and configured to control a flow of the refrigerant through the refrigerant control circuit and through the fluid connector.
A control module for a heating, ventilating, and air conditioning system for a vehicle is disclosed, the module includes a thermal energy exchanger having a phase change material disposed therein, whereby the phase change material is directly cooled and recharged by a fluid from a refrigeration system.
An air conditioning system providing cooled air to a vehicle includes a detection device, a control module, and an air adjusting module. The detection device determines whether another vehicle is in front of the vehicle within a predetermined distance, and sends a signal when the other vehicle is detected. The control module is coupled to the detection device and controls the air adjusting module to operate in a recirculation mode upon receiving the signal.
There is provided a ceiling type air conditioner capable of controlling the operation of at least one of a moving unit for moving a brush assembly or a suctioning unit for suctioning foreign matters stored in the brush assembly based on the position of the brush assembly for collecting and storing the foreign matters filtered by a filter. Therefore, it is possible to properly control the movement of the brush assembly to effectively collect and store the foreign matters filtered by the filter. In addition, since a user does not have to exchange or clean the filter, it is possible to prevent inconvenience from being caused by exchanging or cleaning the filter and to prevent the filter from being contaminated.
A high pressure connection and method for making a high pressure connection. The method includes applying a primer composition to one distal joint portion, applying an anaerobically curable composition to the other distal joint portion; sliding one distal joint portion into the other distal joint portion and curing the anaerobic composition to maintain the second distal joint portion within the first distal joint portion thereby forming the high pressure connection. The method does not use plastic deformation of the first or second distal joint portions after the step of sliding. The method is advantageously useful for making high pressure connections in gas compression or refrigeration systems.
A refrigerant recovery unit is provided that can clear oil from an oil inject path in order to prepare the unit to switch over to a different kind of oil. The refrigerant recovery unit includes an oil inject circuit that receives an oil from the oil bottle into the refrigerant system. The refrigerant recovery circuit is coupled in fluid communication with the oil inject circuit. The refrigerant recovery circuit is operable to receive and transfer a fluid drawn through the oil inject circuit. A controller is operatively connected to the refrigerant recovery circuit and to the oil inject circuit so that as the fluid is drawn through the oil inject circuit a quantity of the oil in the oil inject circuit is removed.
An automated storage and retrieval system stores containers, typically containing biological or chemical samples, at ultra-low temperatures, i.e., from about −50° C. to about −90° C., preferably about −80° C. under normal operating conditions. Dry gas air flows are used to reduce moisture and the consequential frost within the freezer compartment. A custom insulated door is provided with an access module and a tube picking compartment as well as servo motors for controlling a robot within the ultra-low temperature freezer compartment. The robot automatically places sample storage containers in stationary storage racks within the freezer compartment. Magnetic couplings are used to transmit mechanical power from outside of the freezer compartment to the robot inside of the freezer compartment. The robot has a simplified mechanical configuration. The custom door can be readily attached to standard freezer bodies.
An outdoor fan for an air-conditioner is provided to reduce unnecessary energy consumption and noise generated during an operation by reducing a side circulation flow generated when the fan rotates. The outdoor fan may include a hub shaft with a side hole, and rotary blades that convert rotary power received from the hub shaft into a pressure difference. The hub shaft may include a main plate unit perpendicular to the hub shaft and, positioned at a front side as compared to a virtual plane that includes the side hole, and the main plate unit to cover at least a portion of the hub shaft.
A pan chiller system including a refrigeration package having a condensing unit, a heat exchanger and a pump for circulating a chilled liquid coolant, a pan chiller unit in communication with the refrigeration package and having an outer housing and a food well received within the outer housing and a plurality of hollow divider bars arranged within the food well and an opening is defined between adjacent divider bars, wherein each divider bar is configured for directly receiving the liquid coolant chilled and circulated by the refrigeration package.
A refrigerant stream is passed through at least one heat exchanger to provide a first at least partially evaporated stream and a second at least partially evaporated stream. A first compressor feed stream is provided from the first partially evaporated stream, and a second compressor feed stream is provided from the second partially evaporated stream. The first compressor feed stream is passed through a first refrigerant compressor and the second compressor feed stream through a second compressor, to provide first and second compressed streams, which are combined at a common pressure. The first refrigerant compressor is controlled by heating the second at least partially evaporated stream or the second compressor feed stream, or vice versa.
A multiple function lock comprising a body, an engaging element having a first end and a second end, a locking mechanism for securing the first end and the second end of the engaging element to the body, and a gate mechanism for selectively concealing or revealing a passage in the body through which the second end may move to unlock the lock. In certain embodiments, a multiple function lock may comprise a body, a U-shaped shackle having toe and heel portions, the heel portion rotatably secured within the body, a locking mechanism for locking the heel and the toe portions within the body, a passage through the body adjacent to the toe portion, the toe portion adapted to move through the passage to unlock the lock, and either a retaining cup, an adjustable gate, or an outer housing, each being adapted to selectively block or reveal the passage. 
A safety and burglarproof lock comprises a handle seat having a front sheet, a rear sheet, two lateral sheets; each of the front sheet and rear sheet having at least one lock hole; each of the two lateral sheets having a slot, each of the front, rear and lateral sheets having a plurality of through holes; a teethed wheel having a teethed protrusion, a protrusion cylinder protruded from a front end of the teethed protrusion and a post protruded from the front end of the teethed protrusion and aside the protrusion cylinder; the teethed wheel having a rectangular hole; the protrusion cylinder being engaged to the through hole of the front sheet; a latch having a guide groove and a stud; an elastic unit for connecting the stud and the post; a lock core having a keyhole and outer threads; and a horizontal handle having a spindle.
An apparatus for immobilizing a vehicle includes an assembly of components that clamp onto a vehicle wheel rim of a vehicle. The components are capable of being locked in the assembled state. A cable is provided having a first end and a second end. Both the first end and the second end of the cable are secured to the assembly. At least one of the first end or the second end is detachably secured to the assembly to enable the cable to be wrapped around parts of the vehicle and then secured to the assembly when the assembly is in the assembled state.
An auto lock system for bicycles includes a leveling detection member for detecting level status of the bicycle, a locking member for locking a rotational part of the bicycle, at least one detection member for detecting one of the rotational parts of the bicycle, and a control member which receives information from the leveling detection member and the at least one detection member so as to activate the locking member. The locking member can be installed to lock the front or rear wheels or the handlebar.
A cylinder lock is disclosed. The cylinder lock can be used on a motor vehicle door lock. The disclosed cylinder lock has plate tumblers and also a key for the cylinder lock. The key for the cylinder lock could be a reversible key.
An axial pin tumbler lock including a shell comprising a plurality of chambers formed in a radial pattern around a circle; a rotatable plug containing a through hole for mounting a center post, a main bore for receiving a tubular key, a first plurality of chambers formed in a radial pattern around a circle on its front end and arranged in such a way that each one of the first chambers in the plug extends coaxially with a corresponding chamber on said shell, and a second plurality of chambers formed in a radial pattern around a relatively smaller circle on its rear end, disposed in the shell; a plurality of spring-loaded driver pins disposed in the chambers on said shell; a plurality of spring loaded balance pins disposed in the second chambers and a plurality of combination pins disposed in the first chambers of said plug and initially extended into the chambers on said shell under compound extension force of the balance springs and the driver springs when the plug is at its locking position.
An electrically-operable strike for locking and unlocking doors. The strike is mounted on a face plate which in turn is mounted on a door jamb. The face plate is provided with mounting apertures which receive adjustment inserts each having an offset aperture for a mounting screw for mounting the strike on the face plate. The face plate also has a tongue extending distally from a lip and a break-off portion at the distal end of the tongue. The strike is first mounted with the offset apertures in a distal position. If the strike does not function properly due to preload, the strike is remounted with the offset apertures in a proximal position and the break-off portion is removed.
Biotic fertilizers are described that build soil nutrients by accelerating the growth of topsoil microorganisms Biotic fertilizers are primarily aimed at increasing populations of cyanobacteria, formally known as blue-green algae, and like organisms that have the ability to engage in photosynthesis reand to engage in the extraction of nitrogen from the atmosphere. Methods of biotic fertilizer manufacture are presented that utilize animal waste product as well as desirable compositions obtained thereby.
A portable powered conduit bender comprises a housing including a gripping handle. A battery powered drive in the housing has a drive gear. A conduit guide is secured to the housing. A bracket is secured to the housing defining a pivot connection. A head is pivotally connected to the bracket at the pivot connection. The head comprises a shoe defining a downwardly opening arcuate channel selectively positionable proximate the guide. A hook is proximate one end of the shoe for engaging a conduit received in the channel. A driven gear operatively engages the drive gear to controllably pivot the head. In use, the guide supports a conduit engaged by the hook and pivotal movement of the shoe driven by the powered drive deforms the conduit as it passes by the guide.
A device and method for bending a metallic strip are described, particularly for manufacturing die cutting blades, wherein the bending tools are capable of being rotated about a common axis and wherein each tool is further capable of being rotated about its own axis of rotation which is different from the others.
A method and a device for determining a quality of a metallic surface of a metallic substrate, for example a steel or steel alloy substrate, are provided. The device includes a mould, a sheet holder and a die, with which the metallic substrate is formed to produce a drawn test surface. The method and device are used to test the quality of the metallic surface of a metallic coating with a view to a later utilization, especially with a view to a later forming, wherein the metallic substrate is formed at least in-an area of a test surface, wherein a main and an additional shape change of the metallic substrate in the area of the test surface assume predetermined values that are related to the later utilization of the metallic substrate, and wherein the quality of the metallic surface is tested on the test surface after forming.
A servo-press machine determining whether or not a drive power supply voltage between a positive power supply path and a negative power supply path that connect a power supply device and a motor rotation control section is lower than an induced voltage of a servomotor, and correcting speed-related data based on slide motion information when the servo-press machine has determined that the drive power supply voltage is lower than the induced voltage.
An apparatus for the testing of a smoke or fire detector; said apparatus comprising an emitter of an alarm activating material and an alarm activating material confining housing; said emitter and said housing interconnected by a flexible conduit; and wherein said housing is adapted to substantially enclose said smoke or fire detector such that said alarm activating material is brought into contact with said smoke or fire detector.
A portable, relatively low power gas detector incorporates a single pellistor-type sensor for sensing an explosive gas of interest. Outputs from the sensor are corrected in accordance with ambient temperature and humidity and pre-stored correction factors based on characteristics exhibited by a plurality of similar sensors.
A liquid proving system is provided with a bottom drain liquid prover draining into a holding tank. The fill opening of the prover has a prover fill opening self sealing assembly that remains closed except when a nozzle used to pump liquid into the prover is pushed through the opening of the prover fill opening self sealing assembly. The prover fill opening self sealing assembly may comprise a nozzle sealing gasket and a nozzle removed self seal assembly. There is a vapor conduit connecting the interior of the prover in the region of the fill opening and the interior of the holding tank to form a saturated vapor environment in the prover and holding tank from the vapors emitted from liquid in the holing tank. When liquid is pumped into the prover evaporation of the liquid being pumped into the prover, and release of vapors from the prover, is inhibited due to the saturated vapor environment in the prover, which results in a more accurate prover measurement of liquid pumped into the prover.
A particulate matter detector formed in an insulated device such as a spark plug. The insulated device has a center electrode having a first end and a second end. The first end of the center electrode passes through the insulated device and may be connected to a terminal. The second end of the electrode is formed to provide a greater surface area. The form may be a star, circle, series of S's or a helix to increase the surface area of the second end of the center electrode that may be exposed to the exhaust from an engine. The sensor may be used to measure particulate matter in the exhaust of an engine and permit a processor to regulate the operation of the engine.
A faceplate connection assembly and method adapted to promote detection of a missing or defective seal element. The faceplate connection includes a surface member having a pair of opposing face elements. A seal seating depression adapted to accept a compressible seal element disposed at least partially across at least one face. A fluid transport channel of open groove construction is disposed in intersecting relation to the seal seating depression. The fluid transport channel is in fluid communication with a port at an exterior portion of the faceplate connection assembly. According to the method a tracer fluid is introduced at a predefined edge of the seal seating depression and migration of the tracer fluid across the seal seating depression is monitored. Detection of migration across the seal seating depression indicates a missing or defective seal element.
A leak detector comprising a base appliance provided with a gas detector, a vacuum pump, and a control device. A sniffer probe is connected to the base appliance. A test leak device containing the supply of test gas is arranged in a separate sub-housing. The sub-housing also contains a temperature sensor, a processor, and a data memory. The processor corrects the measured temperature according to a sample, and modulates the light of a light barrier. The processor is connected to the control device in the base appliance by a data cable.
A gas meter with a simple structure for detecting a range from a minute flow rate, such as a gas leak, to the large flow rate of the normal state of use of the gas, while protecting the flow rate sensor from dust and without producing the problem of pressure loss. First, second, and third flow paths for carrying partial flows of a gas to be measured, in accordance with the flow rate, are provided by partitioning, in parallel, the cross-sectional surface of a main flow path. A flow rate sensor for flow rate measurement is provided in the first flow path with a small flow path cross-sectional area, and a flow rate sensor for detecting a gas leak is provided in the second flow path with a small flow path cross-sectional area, where a flow baffling filter is provided on one end side or both ends of the first and second flow paths, and a contaminant (dust) removing filter is provided on one end side or both ends of the first flow path.
A method for generating and characterizing an emulsion. The method provides a Couette device having first and second cylindrical members that define an annulus between them. The second cylindrical member is rotatably driven with respect to the first cylindrical member. Two or more substances each in a non-emulsified state are injected into the annulus. The Couette device is operated in a first mode to generate an emulsion from the two or more substances. The Couette device is also operated in a second mode to measure various attributes of the emulsion.
Provided are rosuvastatin degradation products and their use as a reference standard (including reference marker) for analysis of rosuvastatin.
The present invention is directed to an analyzer for measuring the vapor pressure of a hydrocarbon liquid. The analyzer includes a pressure measuring system connected to an air saturation system having a circulation chamber with opposing first and second ends. A first opening is disposed toward the first end and a second opening is disposed toward the second end. A plumbing system connects the first and second openings. A pump moves the hydrocarbon liquid through the plumbing system from the first opening to the second opening so as to saturate the hydrocarbon liquid with air. The air saturation system has a cooler for cooling the hydrocarbon liquid and the pressure measuring system has a heater for heating the hydrocarbon liquid. The pump may be a piston actuated pump or a motor-driven pump and the plumbing system may include an aeration chamber.
An abnormality determination apparatus for an intake amount control mechanism according to the invention includes a control portion which sets an allowable range of an opening amount of a throttle valve which provided in an intake passageway of an internal combustion engine based at least on an index value of an engine operation state, including an operation amount of accelerator, and on a lift working angle of an intake valve, and which determines that an abnormality is present in a state of driving of the throttle valve if an actual opening amount of the throttle valve is outside the allowable range set.
Apparatus and method for testing fuel flow in a return or returnless fuel system. The apparatus comprises a primary flow passage having an inlet for connection to the fuel system for receiving fuel pumped by the fuel pump, and an outlet adapted for connection to the fuel system for flow of fuel to one or more fuel injectors. The apparatus includes a first device for measuring a rate of fuel flow through the primary flow passage, and a second device for measuring a fuel pressure in the primary flow passage. A bypass valve in the primary flow passage is movable between a first position in which the bypass passage is closed and a second position in which the bypass passage is open. The bypass valve is movable to its first position for testing fuel flow in a return flow system and to its second position for testing fuel flow in a returnless fuel flow system. Different embodiments of the apparatus and methods of using the apparatus are disclosed.
Procedures for diagnosing an exhaust gas treatment device, which is dosing a reagent into the exhaust gas area of a combustion process, whereby the reagent is brought up to a dosing pressure and subsequently dosed, at which the diagnosis is undertaken with the aid of an evaluation of a pressure drop of the reagent, and a device for implementing the procedure are suggested. After turning off the pump a pressure drop that occurs afterwards is evaluated. The evaluation of the pressure drop considers a leakage loss of the pump.
A wheel for vehicles includes a rim, a tyre mounted on the rim, and at least one device for energy generation operatively associated with the tyre. The device for energy generation includes a first element that is fixed relative to the rim or to the tyre, and a second element mounted on the first element and free to rotate relative to the first element around a predetermined rotation axis. The second element has a mass centre eccentric to the predetermined rotation axis. The device for energy generation further includes an electric generator having a stator mounted on the first element and a rotor mounted on the second element.
A syringe imaging system for a syringe infusion pump is provided. The system comprises an imaging device configured to capture one or more images of a syringe, and a processor, which is configured to determine, based on the one or more captured images, an internal diameter of the syringe and a distance between a bung and a bottom of the syringe, and to calculate a remaining volume of the syringe based upon the determined internal diameter and distance. A syringe infusion pump is also provided. The pump comprises a housing having a bracket configured to receive a syringe, a syringe driver configured to actuate a plunger of the syringe, an imaging device configured to capture one or more images of the syringe, and a processor. The processor is configured to determine, based on the one or more captured images, an internal diameter of the syringe and a distance between a bung and a bottom of the syringe, and to calculate a remaining volume of the syringe based upon the determined internal diameter and distance.
A device for and method of testing fluid compatibility may include placing a first fluid in a fixed-volume testing chamber and placing a second fluid in a sample chamber. The method may also include heating the fixed-volume testing chamber to about a temperature of a subterranean environment and pressurizing the fixed-volume testing chamber to about a pressure of the subterranean environment. The method may further include determining, at a temperature and pressure of about the temperature and pressure of the subterranean environment, a first rheology value of the fluid within the fixed-volume testing chamber, moving a portion of the second fluid from sample chamber into the fixed-volume testing chamber, and determining, at a temperature and pressure of about the temperature and pressure of the subterranean environment, a second rheology value of the fluid within the fixed-volume testing chamber.
Embodiments of the present invention generally relate to flow meters and more particularly to improved plastic water flow meters for commercial or residential use. In various embodiments, a plastic water meter is provided that may include metal threads for connecting the water meter to a water system. In particular, the plastic water meter may include at least one spud that is shaped to receive and engage a plastic spud insert, in which the plastic spud insert may include a metal ring with a threaded outer surface. The plastic spud insert may include an annular lip portion extending outwardly to discourage removal of the metal ring when the spud insert is engaged with the water meter. Furthermore, the plastic spud insert and the inner surface of the metal ring may have complementary circumferential profiles to discourage relative rotation between the metal ring and the spud insert.
There is a need for providing a flow sensor with metal film resistor that improves detection sensitivity using a metal film for a resistance heat detector and a resistance temperature detector. The flow sensor with metal film resistor is structured to form a resistance heat detector, a resistance temperature detector for resistance heat detector for measuring temperature of the resistance heat detector, an upstream resistance temperature detector, a downstream resistance temperature detector, and an air resistance temperature detector on a silicon substrate. Plural floating-island insulators are provided for the resistance heat detector and within wiring thereof.
Some embodiments of an instrument for a flow meter can automatically adjust in response to the rotational direction of the drive shaft of the flow meter, thereby permitting the instrument device to perform its intended function regardless of the fluid flow direction through the flow meter. In one example, the instrument may comprise a corrector instrument that includes a counter.
A rotation sensor has a substrate with a first surface and a second surface. A shear-wave transparent mirror is arranged on the first surface of the substrate, and a shear-wave isolator is arranged above the shear-wave transparent mirror, the shear-wave transparent mirror and the shear-wave isolator being arranged separated from each other to define a Coriolis zone there between. A bulk-acoustic-wave resonator is arranged above the shear-wave isolator, and a shear-wave detector is arranged on the substrate in a direction, in which a shear-wave generated by the bulk-acoustic-wave resonator upon rotation propagates.
A motion sensor in the form of an angular rate sensor and a method of making a sensor are provided and includes a support substrate and a silicon sensing ring supported by the substrate and having a flexive resonance. Drive electrodes apply electrostatic force on the ring to cause the ring to resonate. Sensing electrodes sense a change in capacitance indicative of vibration modes of resonance of the ring so as to sense motion. A plurality of silicon support rings connect the substrate to the ring. The support rings are located at an angle to substantially match a modulus of elasticity of the silicon, such as about 22.5 degrees and 67.5 degrees, with respect to the crystalline orientation of the silicon.
A piezoelectric sensor having a plurality of electrodes deposited on a single surface of the dielectric medium is generally provided. The plurality of electrodes can define a plurality of square-shaped electrodes forming a grid on the first surface of the dielectric medium while the second electrode defines a continuous electrode. An electrode border surrounding the plurality of electrodes can be deposited on the first surface of the dielectric medium. Alternatively, the plurality of electrodes can define column-shaped electrodes, while the second electrode defines a plurality of row-shaped electrodes separated by etchings. The direction of orientation of each column-shaped electrode and the direction of orientation of each row-shaped electrode can be substantially perpendicular. A method of making a piezoelectric sensor is also provided.
A device for measuring, documenting, and issuing citations for noise violations comprises a mobile device for measuring the decibel sound level from a sound source, for measuring the distance from the device to the source, for capturing an image or video of the sound source, and determining whether the sound source exceeds a user-predetermined level. The device may be in the form of a hand-held gun-shaped device wherein the user actuates the trigger to record an image or video of the sound source, the decibel sound level, and the distance between the device and the source. After the data is collected, the sound-measuring device is attached to a download component. The download component accepts data from the sound-measuring component and allows the user to input additional data regarding the noise violation. The user may then use the download component to print a citation, which may include an image of the sound source.
A system for monitoring an exposure of a machine operator to machine vibration is provided. The system includes an operator safety restraint. The system also includes at least one vibration sensor on the safety restraint and configured to generate a signal indicative of operator exposure to machine vibration. The system further includes a controller configured to receive the signal and configured to determine an amount of vibration exposure of the machine operator based on the signal.
A system and method of using a passive wireless gauge to detect the physical properties on an object.
A three-dimensional micro-electro-mechanical-systems (MEMS) capacitive bending and axial strain sensor capacitor is described. Two independent comb structures, incorporating suspended polysilicon interdigitated fingers, are fabricated simultaneously on a substrate that can displace independently of each other while attached to a substrate undergoing bending or axial deformation. A change in spacing between the interdigitated fingers will output a change in capacitance of the sensor and is the primary mode of operation of the device. On the bottom and to the end of each comb structure, a glass pad is attached to the comb structure to allow for ample surface area for affixing the sensor to a substrate. During fabrication, tethers are used to connect each comb structure to maintain equal spacing between the fingers before attachment to the substrate. After attachment, the tethers are broken to allow independent movement of each comb structure.
There is disclosed a method for measuring the strength of a honeycomb structure provided with an insertion hole preferably without generating any chipping. In the strength measuring method of the honeycomb structure, the strength is measured while a rubber plug is inserted into the insertion hole. The rubber plug has a hardness of 45 or more and 90 or less, a clearance between the inserted rubber plug and the inner surface of the insertion hole parallel to the depth direction of the insertion hole is 0.2 mm or more and 2.6 mm or less, and the protruding height of the inserted rubber plug from the peripheral surface of the honeycomb structure is 0.5 mm or more and 5 mm or less.
A magnetic flowmeter comprises a pipe section, an insulating liner, a flangeless retention collar, a liner protector, a coil and an electromotive force sensor. The insulating liner lines the pipe section to form a process flow channel. The flangeless retention collar is located on an end of the pipe section for forming an end-to-end fluid connection to the process flow channel, and the liner protector is formed on the retention collar to provide an end seal for the insulating liner. The coil produces a magnetic field within the process flow channel, and the electromotive force sensor senses an electromotive force generated in fluid flow through the process flow channel.
A venturi is provided for aspirating air in a HVAC module assembly having a first HVAC module housing section including a first venturi portion. A second HVAC module housing section includes a second venturi portion. The first and second HVAC module housing sections form a HVAC mixing chamber and venturi chamber. The first venturi portion mates with the second venturi portion to cooperatively form the venturi chamber.
Automated apparatus and method to determine physical properties of materials as they are moved relative to each other while in contact are disclosed. Physical properties between materials of interest (e.g., galling resistance, coefficient of friction, and wear rate) are derived under a variety of conditions including dry unlubricated condition, at ambient and at extreme high and low temperatures, lubricated, or when submerged.
A belt conveying tension measuring system for measuring applied take-up tension on a belt of a bucket elevator or a belt of a conveyor. The tension measuring system includes a center assembly that is used in combination with a pushing assembly and a horizontal stabilizer assembly such that when a deflection operating assembly is used actuation of the deflection operating assembly causes the pushing assembly to provide deflection to the belt of the conveyor. The pressure to deflect the belt a set amount is measured with and set by a load cell and scale assembly.
A system for sampling a bale of fibrous material is provided including a transportation mechanism for moving the bale from a first point to a second point and a first gripper for obtaining a sample from the bale when the bale is at a position between the first point and the second point. The gripper includes a movable finger for gripping the sample from the bale. An actuator comprising an actuating rod is provided for pushing the sample away from the movable finger.
A method for computing activation energy of diffusion for a material in a liquid is provided. At least two identical samples of the material are submerged in the liquid at different temperatures. The time required for each sample to reach a goal weight percentage is measured. A reaction acceleration factor is computed for the two samples from the resulting times and temperatures. Activation energy of diffusion is computed from the reaction acceleration factor and the temperatures. Additional samples can be used to give an error estimate.
Accessory gearboxes and related gas turbine engine systems are provided. In this regard, a representative accessory gearbox for a gas turbine engine is operative to be driven by rotational energy extracted from the gas turbine engine and imparted to the gearbox by multiple tower shafts.
A device is disclosed for manipulating a rotatable adjusting mechanism including a base and a plurality of protrusions extending axially from a first end of the base, wherein the protrusions radially flex at least outwardly relative to each other. The plurality of protrusions extend axially from a radial edge of the first end of the base and include a thinned portion at a basal section and a rotatable contacting surface at a distal section. A method of manipulating a rotatable adjusting mechanism mounted on a material removal tool by positioning the rotatable adjusting mechanism within the plurality of protrusions, wherein the protrusions radially flex at least outwardly relative to each other, and rotating the material removal tool about its axis is also disclosed.
A kinetic energy generation apparatus having increased power energy comprises a cashing, a fixed gear, and a free gear, disposed on the inner side of the fixed gear and has a gear ratio equal to 3:1. The apparatus also comprises a transmission portion, with a bush disposed between the transmission portion and the cashing, driven to rotate by the free gear and has an axis of output extended. The apparatus also comprises a connecting rod having one end pivoted on a piston of a cylinder.
A gear train assembly includes a first gear, a second gear, a first lubricant receiver, and a second lubricant receiver. The first gear meshes with the second gear at an engagement portion. The first lubricant receiver is configured to catch lubricant from the first gear before the engagement portion. The second lubricant receiver is configured to catch lubricant from the first gear after the engagement portion. A minimum distance between the second lubricant receiver and the first gear is less than a minimum distance between the first lubricant receiver and the first gear. An image forming apparatus for forming an image includes the gear train assembly.
A bicycle control device is basically provided with a bracket member, a brake lever and a non-shifting control switch. The bracket member has a handlebar mounting part and a main body with an upper surface, a pair of side surfaces and a lower surface, the main body being configured to form a gripping part. The brake lever is pivotally coupled to the main body of the bracket member at a coupling point such that the brake lever extends from the coupling point in a direction opposite of the upper surface with a majority of the brake lever being disposed below the handlebar mounting part. The non-shifting control switch is disposed on the main body of the bracket member in an area of the upper surface of the main body.
An adjustable steering column assembly having a repositionable steering column and a break-away lever arm. The lever arm has a first mounting interface and an adjustment assembly member operably coupled with the steering column has a second mounting interface. Engagement of the first and second mounting interfaces mounts the lever arm on the adjustment assembly member. Movement of the lever arm rotates the adjustment assembly member to facilitate the repositioning of the steering column. Applying a breakaway force exceeding a threshold value to the lever arm disengages the mounted lever arm from the adjustment assembly member by relative translational movement between the first and second mounting interfaces. Some embodiments employ a threaded fastener installed to a predetermined torque to bias the first and second mounting interfaces into engagement. The threaded fastener can be installed such that it may be non-frangibly disengaged by displacement through the open end of a slot.
A vehicular operating device includes a lever movably attachable at one end to a housing such as a steering column such that the lever is pivotable relative to the housing between different positions. A connector connectable to the housing is adjacent to the first end of the lever and is in communication with the hollow body of the lever. A catch line having first and second ends runs through the hollow body of the lever with the first end of the catch line being connected to the connector and the second end of the catch line being connected to the second end of the lever. Upon the lever breaking, the catch line secures the lever to the connector as the catch line is connected to both of the second end of the lever and the connector to thereby prevent the lever from breaking away from the housing.
An adjustable handlebar for motorcycles and other vehicles where the angle of the handlebar relative to the rider can be quickly and easily adjusted and stay in position during the normal forces of use. The handlebar has an offset angled collet with flat sides which engage flat sides on the inside diameter of a tapered head on the top of the vertical portion of the handlebar. The collet can be removed, repositioned and reinserted to different positions in the tapered head to change the horizontal angles of the horizontal portion of the handlebar for the desired riding position and to hold the handlebar in position such that it will not move under normal forces encountered when riding.
A locking differential includes an annular center cam member freely rotatably supported within an annular central driver member without the use of any keying device, such as a snap ring, thereby to simply the construction and assembly of the differential, and to reduce cost. The center cam member is longitudinally maintained in place by the biasing forces applied to the clutch members arranged on opposite sides of the central driver member by helical compression springs arranged externally concentrically about the side gears, respectively, and by the holdout rings that are connected with the clutch members. The center cam member and the central driver member have adjacent outer and inner circumferential surfaces, respectively, that are smooth, continuous, and uninterrupted. The holdout rings are rotatably connected at their remote ends with the clutch members by integral annular outer ribs that extend within corresponding grooves contained in the counterbore wall surfaces.
Electric reciprocating impulse engine converts rotary motion into linear motion at a frequency high enough to overcome inertia and propel said engine with load. The present invention loses substantial weight while running without losing mass and could drive a satellite already in orbit or beyond and propel a spacecraft between the planets with five-times the efficiency of conventional propulsion systems. Each of the two carriages below the control platform of the apparatus hold a pair of elongated eccentric rotors that counter-rotate forcing said carriages to bounce up and down on rigid spring-loaded rods at a precise distance with equal force in opposite directions on the common mainframe. The two carriages can be phased 180 degrees apart with thrust determined by the rotor's mass and velocity, the latter which can be finely controlled by varying the voltage to the rotor drive motors. Unlike prior art, when this apparatus's shifters are engaged the increased axial displacement and combined frequency of the two carriages in oscillation generate rapid impulses within the mainframe to overcome its inertia and smoothly impel said apparatus vertically away from gravity or along a linear path in free space.
A treated refractory material includes a refractory material having a plurality of pores, wherein the refractory material comprises aluminum oxide, silicon oxide, magnesium oxide, chromium oxide, zirconium oxide, titanium oxide, calcium oxide, fireclay, silicon carbide, tungsten, mullite, dolomite, magnesite, magnesium aluminum oxide, chromite, magnetite, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing; and a protective material disposed within the plurality of pores of the refractory material, wherein the protective material is selected from the group consisting of aluminum oxide, chromium oxide, silica, rare earth oxides, rare earth zirconates, titanium oxide, mullite, zirconium oxide, zirconium silicate, yttrium oxide, magnesium oxide, iron oxide, and blends thereof.
A process for producing a metal from the corresponding metal halide by reaction of the metal halide at elevated temperature in a reactor comprising a fluidised bed, the fluidised bed comprising seed particles of an inert material that has a melting point higher than that of the metal.
A pliers-type insulation stripping tool includes a releasable fastening device for fastening a knife cassette to at least one of the knife carrier members that are longitudinally displaced by the pivotally connected tool handle members to remove a severed length of insulation from a longitudinally-arranged insulated conductor that is clamped between by the tool gripping jaws. A U-shaped resilient fastener spring wire has leg portions that are resiliently biased apart, at least one of the legs containing a laterally extending bulge portion that extends into a corresponding locking slot contained in a side wall of the knife cassette. To release and replace the knife cassette, the protruding free extremities of the leg portions of the spring wire are displaced together, thereby to remove the leg bulge portion from the slot contained in the cassette outer wall.
The present invention discloses a shingle removing apparatus which includes a handle, a stripper member, a drive assembly and a drive linkage assembly with lost motion mechanism. The stripper member is adapted for inserting under a shingle has a first end portion and a second end portion. The drive assembly drives at least a portion of the stripper member and the drive linkage assembly causes at least portion of the stripper member to reciprocally move up and down to thereby remove the shingle. The drive linkage assembly provides a lost motion mechanism which allows the stripper member to intermittently not be driven.
A rescue tool includes a fully pivotally opened handle in an obtuse angle disposition with one handle separately gripped and then a force transmitted through force bearing surfaces to the oppositely disposed handle having an outwardly disposed sinusoidal surface and juxtaposed hook end which engage a seized fire hose coupling. A high torque force is readily exerted through the handles on the seized fire hose coupling. The elongate handles and pivotally disposed jaws having elongate arcuate cutting edges corporately provide rapid cutting of aluminum sheath hybrid car battery cables in a further rescue operation.
An adapter coupling device includes an adapter having a polygonal recess for receiving a bit therein and a radial hole is defined in an outer periphery of the adapter so as to receive a bead therein. A spring and a positioning block are received in the adapter and the positioning block includes stepped receiving space and an outer surface. An outer sleeve is mounted to the adapter and a spring is located therebetween. The outer sleeve has a annular groove and an inclined inner surface defined in the inner periphery thereof, wherein the inclined inner surface has a maximum inclination of 30 degrees relative to an axis of the outer sleeve. The bit can be inserted into the polygonal recess of the adapter by one hand without pushing the outer sleeve upward. The inclined inner surface of the outer sleeve pushes the bead to position the bit.
A safety torque intensifying tool has a housing, a torque intensifying unit providing at least two modes of operation including a first mode in which the tool operates with a high speed and a low torque and a second mode in which the tool operates with a low speed and a high torque, a grip to be held by a tool operator, an additional element acting as a handle for better gripping in the first mode in which the tool operates with the high speed and low torque and also as a reaction arm to abut against a stationary object to stop the housing from turning in the second mode when the tool operates with the low speed and the high torque, and a switching unit for switching the tool between the first and second modes and configured so that when the operator does not act on the switching unit the tool is in the second mode of operation with the low speed and the high torque, and when the switching unit is switched by the operator while the additional element acts as a handle, the tool is switched to the first mode of operation with the high speed and the low torque, until the operator stops acting on the switching unit and the tool is switched itself back to the second mode of operation.
A dual handled, single throttle trigger trimmer comprising rotating handles and a rotating trimmer head. The rotating handles allow the use of the trimmer in a trimming mode and an edging mode. The device may be readily converted between the two modes and the lawn care worker must not remove either hand from the device while doing so. The conversion is accomplished by rotating the trimmer upper handle about an axis perpendicular to the trimmer driveshaft while simultaneously rotating the trimmer middle handle about an axis parallel to the trimmer driveshaft. The middle handle has a slide fit around the trimmer driveshaft.
A scrap food slice disposal mechanism for a food article slicing machine. The disposal mechanism has a jump conveyor with a disposal position for discharging scrap slices. The disposal mechanism has a disposal path where the jump conveyor operates in the reverse direction and slices are directed to a scrap conveyor for disposal or recycling.
An information carrier system for a food article slicing machine. The system is for reading data from removable parts of the slicing machine. The system has a data carrier located on one or more removable parts for storing data and a head for reading data from the data carrier or for writing data to the data carrier guides. A shear support is one of the removable parts.
An output conveyor for a high speed slicing apparatus having four deceleration conveyors that receive slices from a jump conveyor. Each deceleration conveyor laterally position slices in an output lane. The deceleration conveyors have a pivotal axis for matching an elevation of an end of said deceleration conveyor with an elevation of an upstream conveyor. The output conveyor also comprises four weighing conveyors for weighing slices received from upstream components. The weighing conveyors each comprise a removable carrying unit for turning a conveyor belt and a drive unit for driving the carrying unit.
The invention discloses methods and systems for singulation of block-molded arrays of semiconductor devices. Preferred embodiments include methods and associated systems for securing a block-molded array of semiconductor devices into a mounting ring with light-sensitive tape. Tape-deactivating is used to render exposed regions of the light-sensitive tape less tacky. The mounting ring containing the block-molded array is secured on a cutting table and the array is singulated into individual devices. Aspects of the invention also include the use of tape-deactivating light for making the light-sensitive tape less tacky to facilitate removal of the individual devices after singulation.
Torque necessary for cutting band-like paper is properly distributed to both of the preceding motor and the following motor, thereby making it possible to accurately cut the band-like paper. The cut off method for a cut off apparatus including: a preceding knife cylinder on whose peripheral surface a preceding helical knife is provided; a following knife cylinder on whose peripheral surface a following helical knife, which cuts off band-like paper D in cooperation with the preceding knife, is provided; a preceding knife driving motor which rotationally drives the preceding knife cylinder; a following knife driving motor which rotationally drives the following knife cylinder; and a cut off control device which individually controls the preceding knife driving motor and the following knife driving motor, is characterized in that the method comprises: giving, when the band-like paper D is cut, the preceding knife and the following knife a specified amount of torque in the direction in which the preceding knife and the following knife are pressed against each other, by means of the preceding knife driving motor and the following knife driving motor.
An automated sequenced food article tray loading method and apparatus for a slicing machine where food articles can be loaded sequentially into designated and separated lanes of a lift tray and automatically sequentially assume a preload condition. Food article separation is maintained on the lift tray after the food articles are loaded. A food article sweep mechanism receives the food articles on the lift tray in their separated positions and transfers the food articles into the food article feed mechanism while maintaining the separated positions. The food article sweep mechanism is a substantially open structure without enclosing walls.
A loaf feed apparatus for a food article slicing machine. The apparatus has at least a first conveyor driven by a hollow shaft and a second conveyor driven by a second shaft. The second shaft independently operates within said hollow shaft. The hollow shaft and the second shaft are driven by independent drive sources. The apparatus also includes at least one lower conveyor driven by a drive roller having a outer diameter and a recessed diameter where the drive belt is connected around the recessed diameter and the conveyor belt is connected around the outer diameter. The drive belt operates within an area defined by the first conveyor belt. The apparatus also has a loaf gate for separating a slicing station from the loaf feed apparatus.
The invention relates to a punch press, in which compressive machining is performed on a blank. The punch press includes tools, a ram, a drive element of the ram, and a precise-positioning operating device for moving the drive element of the ram, as well as a precise-positioning moving element for moving the ram in the direction of the tool row to the location of the desired tool. According to the invention the moving element of the ram is arranged to operate using the same moving operating device of the ram.
A method of forming a base for a paper punch is disclosed as including the steps of (a) forming two generally U-shaped plates of a first metal or metal alloy, and (b) fixedly engaging the generally U-shaped plates with a core part of a second metal or metal alloy, in which the plates are in direct contact with the core part. A base for a paper punch is disclosed as including two generally U-shaped plates of a first metal or metal alloy, and a core part of a second metal or metal alloy which is fixedly engaged with the U-shaped plates, and the plates are in direct contact with the core part.
A gift wrap paper cutter that is used to both store a tube of gift wrap and also to cut off a desired length of gift wrapping from the tube. The cutter comprises an outer casing that has a track running lengthwise within the outer casing. Within the track is a razor blade that is axially mounted within a movable casing that can be slid back and forth lengthwise along the track. A pair of springs are attached to the axle, ensuring that the razor blade, in its default position, is located above a length of gift wrap paper and does not cut the paper. However, an individual can push down on a handle attached to the razor blade, causing one of the ends of the razor blade to be pushed into the length of gift wrap paper, allowing the individual to cut the gift wrap paper lengthwise. The pair of springs cause the razor blade to disengage from the gift wrap paper when downward pressure is no longer applied to the handle attached to the razor blade.
A tool for use with a reciprocating saw includes an adaptor and a scrapper tool. The adaptor is configured to be coupled to the reciprocating saw and the scrapper tool. The scrapper tool may include one or more biasing members configured to bias at least a portion of the scrapper tool away from the adaptor.
Instrument chinrest device, method, and kit customized as to proper height, rigidity, shape, size, and placement. An assembled chinrest can include a topper having pins; a lift having lift topper holes corresponding to receive said topper pins and at least one lift hardware attachment hole; and lift hardware having at least one threaded barrel configured to receive at one end a first end of an upper lift threaded member and configured to receive at a second end a lower lift threaded member, said upper lift threaded member having a second end to attached within said lift hardware attachment hole whereby, when attached to said lift, the device is able to be clamped onto a top plate and bottom plate of the instrument. The kit can include a plurality of toppers and lifts to select from, as well as the tools to determine proper chinrest placement and shape.
It takes great effort by players of a bowed string musical instrument to manipulate proper bow-to-string pressure that directly affects the quality of the sound generated. This invention is a training device that provides bow-to-string pressure reading as feedback to players. The device consists of a rib cage, a base unit, and a liquid crystal display unit. The rib cage emulates strings and transfers bow pressure to the base unit. The main components of the base unit include a pressure sensor and microcontroller circuit board. The crystal display unit displays reading sent by the microcontroller board.
A method of assembling an anti-wolf resonator assembly for use with a string instrument is provided. The method includes positioning a first portion of the resonator assembly against a first side of a surface of the instrument, and magnetically coupling a second portion of the resonator assembly to a second side of the instrument surface that is opposite the first side of the surface. The surface is positioned between the first and second portions of the resonator assembly. The resonator assembly is configured to dampen at least one of a musical note and a vibration produced by the string instrument.
Stringed instruments, game controllers, and related structures and methods are described. A game controller having one or more strings is described for a computer gaming application. Output signals may be sent from the controller to the gaming application indicative of fingering of the game controller and the time at which the strings of the game controller are struck. Multi-mode apparatus are also described. A stringed apparatus may be used as both a game controller and an instrument. Bracing structures and methods are also described for bracing stringed apparatus, such as stringed game controllers and instruments.
A musical instrument stand is disclosed that includes at least, a pair of legs pivotally secured to a support portion and disposed within a leg retention channel of the support portion when the support portion is in a closed position, and extracted from the leg retention channel when the support portion is in an open position. Preferably, the support portion includes at least a position stop that limits the extent that each the open and closed positions of the support portion may attain. The musical instrument stand further preferably includes an over center latch assembly interposed between and communicating with the pair of legs, the over center latch maintains a predetermined separation between said first and second legs when the over center latch assembly is in a locked position, and nests within the pair of legs when the pair of legs are disposed within a leg retention channel.
Improvements in a drum practice pad are disclosed. The practice pad is intended for use with a mobile or shoulder mounted percussion instrument carrier or with a stand configured for use with a percussion instrument. The practice pad incorporates most or all of the geometry of a drum that is addressed by a player. This geometry includes a portion of the striking surface, and a portion of the drum rim. The sticking surface is adjustable within the portion of the drum rim to match the central playing area and the height of the playing surface to the rim of the drum. The assembly allows for attachment or mounting and use of a practice pad from a third party. The strike location of the practice pad is adjustable to simulate different diameter drums. The incorporation of the drum rim allows players to practice rim shots.
Disclosed are systems and methods of receiving note selections from a musician while providing an appropriate tactile sensation to the musician's fingers.
A method for interpreting an image into sound is provided and includes scanning an image to provide a plurality of scanned elements which are assigned a value and an associated sound element. The sound elements are arranged to produce a sound track for the scanned image.
Sound generator apparatus includes an arithmetic operation section that executes a plurality of types of instructions by performing arithmetic operations using a plurality of hardware-implemented arithmetic operation elements, and a control section that reads out a program from a program memory to execute the read-out program. The plurality of types of instructions include: a first extended instruction instructing that an arithmetic operation for generating envelope data to control variation over time of a sound volume should be performed using data read out from a working memory and the arithmetic operation elements; a second extended instruction instructing that an arithmetic operation for generating phase data to control a frequency of a waveform should be performed using data read out from a working memory and the arithmetic operation elements; and a third extended instruction instructing that an arithmetic operation for generating result data should be performed using the envelope and phase data and the arithmetic operation elements.
Disclosed is a modular electronic musical keyboard performance system that can be separated into modules for better portability and flexibility.
A method of preventing initiation of an explosive device. The method comprises substantially encasing an explosive device with a conductive foam. The explosive device is configured to be initiated by an electromagnetic radiation signal, such as that emitted by a transmitter of a wireless door bell device. Deactivated explosive devices are also disclosed.
The present invention provides a toroidal structure comprising a plurality of closed-loop toroids interconnected together, each toroid having a body defining an interior, the toroidal structure comprising: a first toroid of the plurality of toroids having a first proximal portion and a first distal portion; a second toroid of the plurality of toroids having a second proximal portion and a second distal portion; and an interconnection between the first and the second toroid formed by looping the first proximal portion around the body of the second toroid and passing through the interior of the first toroid adjacent to the first distal portion to cause the first distal portion to be positioned adjacent to the second proximal portion.
The proposed new structure, Anti-penetrating Sandwich Structure, can protect the building underground.
Methods of controlling relative humidity in an enclosure that include preparing an aqueous solution, the aqueous solution including a hydratable salt, the hydratable salt including a divalent cation; preparing a second composition, the second composition including the aqueous solution; and polyacrylamide, a copolymer of polyacrylic acid and polyacrylamide, or both; and placing the second composition in the enclosure, wherein the second composition absorbs water from the atmosphere of the enclosure. Devices and systems including desiccants are also disclosed.
A continuous concentration system for volatile organic compounds for concentrating volatile organic compounds that undergo an absorption process and a removal process includes: a moving-bed chamber in which modules for absorbing volatile organic compounds are absorbed. An absorption bed line to which the volatile organic compounds are supplied to be absorbed to the module is provided on one side of the moving-bed chamber. A removal-cooling bed line for performing a removal process for removing the volatile organic compounds absorbed to the module and a cooling process for cooling the module that has undergone the removal process is provided on the other side of the moving-bed chamber.
Apparatuses and methods are provided for removing dust particles from air circulating within a mowing machine, such as a lawn mowing machine, including a housing, a handle attached to the housing, a prime mover attached to the housing, and a grassbag employing a cyclonic separator. A grassbag apparatus can be provided that can include a grass clippings chamber for collecting blades of grass that have been cut and a dust collection chamber for removing and collecting dust-filled air from the air circulating within the lawn mowing machine. The dust collection chamber can include a cyclonic separator and a dust collection receptacle, wherein the cyclonic separator can be configured to remove dust particles from air circulating within the grassbag apparatus.
A particulate filter includes a filter element comprising a non-perforated tube having an exhaust inlet at a first end and an exhaust outlet at a second end. A fibrous metallic filter medium is disposed within the filter element and is configured to trap particulate matter from an exhaust gas. A first metallic foam disk is attached at the second end of the filter element, and retains the fibrous metallic filter medium within the filter element. A second metallic foam disk may be attached at the first end of the filter element and may allow the particulate filter to be reversed with respect to an exhaust gas flow.
There is provided an electrostatic precipitator comprising air inlet means to a conduit for the passage of an air flow containing particles and means generating a focusing electrostatic field within the conduit substantially orthogonal to the air flow in which the generating means comprise a two dimensional surface electrode including an ion source and an earthed counter electrode and in which the air inlet means and the surface electrode are adapted to direct ion substantially against the direction of the air flow in the conduit.
A system and a method for solvent purification is provided. The system includes a solvent storage tank and a filter coupled to the tank for filtering out moisture from the solvent. The method includes providing a tank to hold the solvent being purified, providing a filter coupled to the tank, and repeatedly providing solvent from the tank to the filter, and filtering the solvent to remove moisture and returning the filtered solvent to the tank.
A flue gas desulfurization apparatus includes an absorption tower that absorbs sulfur oxide in a flue gas, and drift suppression members that are arranged near a bend portion of a purified gas exhaust passage arranged at an outlet portion of the absorption tower, the drift suppression members serving to collect mist particles.
The apparatus also includes a movable member for closing and opening the said filling inlet of the mixing chamber and means for displacing this member from a position where it keeps the filling inlet open during introduction of a quantity of soluble preparation and a position where it is over said inlet and keeps it closed during formation of the beverage and vice versa.
An oven includes a housing including a heating chamber. A door has an open position for allowing operator access to the heating chamber and a closed position for preventing user access to the heating chamber. A heating system heats a food product located within the heating chamber. A wireless temperature sensor is configured to be inserted into the food product by an operator for measuring food product temperature and to provide a wireless signal indicative of food product temperature. An oven control system includes a sensor communicator for receiving the temperature indicative signal from the wireless temperature sensor. The oven control system operates in response to the wireless signal.
Presented herein is a juicing knife for extracting the juice from a citrus fruit, said knife comprising a handle, a blade, rigidly attached to the handle, wherein the blade has a substantially curved section that forms a scraping arc, and a plug that surrounds the base of the blade, wherein inserting the blade through the full length of the fruit until the plug abuts against the fruit and the blade exits through the bottom of the fruit, and subsequently rotating the blade within the fruit causes juice to be expressed and drained out of the fruit through the exit point of the blade. Embodiments of the present invention may further comprise a juicing funnel adapted to receive a fruit from which juice is to be extracted by the juicing knife.
A marking device comprises an outer shell in a cylindrical shape with a bottom surface attached to a molding device, a rotatable tube provided inside of the outer shell, an indicator connecting to the bottom of the outer shell and a support mechanism pushing up the rotatable tube from the internal space of the outer shell while the indicator and the outer shell are engaged with each other. The head of the indicator is formed in a frusto-conical shape tapered into the inside of the outer shell. The rotatable tube comprises an inner surface contacting to the outer surface of the head of the indicator, and an outer surface forming a frusto-conical head tapered into the inside of the outer shell from a second carved marks. The outer shell comprises an inner surface contacting to the outer surface of the head of the rotatable tube.
An apparatus and a method for conditioning dampening solution for an offset printing press, include a cation exchanger for the removal of salt-forming ions from the dampening solution. The operation of the cation exchanger leaves the pH of the dampening solution unchanged. The apparatus includes a control device based on measuring the water hardness of the dampening solution for the supply of the dampening solution to the cation exchanger. A dampening system and an offset printing press are also provided.
A registration system for a rotary press including circumferential and sidelay registers designed to interface to the press unit using more direct motion translation. In particular, to go from rotational motion of a motor to linear motion of the adjustment with fewer transitions. Also discussed are measurement systems which measure the adjustments made to the plate cylinder more directly by measuring the linear movement of components acting on the cylinder as opposed to the movement of the motor or power source of the registration system. These systems can provide for more accurate movement to the various elements.
A hat pallet for use in a printer which prints an image onto a hat of the type having a cap and a bill attached thereto includes a bottom plate and a top plate mountable in a closed position over the bottom plate. The bottom plate includes a printing plate and a bill support fixedly mounted thereon. The top plate has an opening exposing at least a portion of the printing plate when the top plate is in the closed position. The bill support is positioned relative to the printing plate such that when the hat is mounted in the pallet with the top plate in the closed position, a portion of the cap on which the image is to be printed is supported on the printing plate and exposed through the opening of the top plate and the underside of the bill of the hat is supported by the bill support.
A printing machine is provided with at least one printing unit that is usable for printing an image, in ink, on a printable material. The printing machine includes at least one application device which is usable to apply at least one contactless identification characteristic, in the form of an RFID system or a part thereof, to the printable material. At least one inspection device is also provided in the printing machine. At least one test device, for testing the identification characteristic, or the part thereof, is also provided in the printing machine.
A railway vehicle recovers metallic objects like railroad spikes from a railway bed having a pair of rails. The vehicle includes wheels for riding on each rail and a carriage carrying a crawler for supporting the vehicle on the railway bed when one of the rails is removed. A pneumatic lift raises and lowers the carriage and crawler. A conveyor belt assembly for transporting the metallic objects to a hopper is supported entirely by an overhead support structure. A lateral translator moves the conveyor belt assembly from side to side. Various features are provided which allow a conveyor belt to be removed from one side of the conveyor belt assembly while maintaining continuity of the conveyor belt loop. A distinctive conveyor lift is provided for raising and lowering the conveyor belt assembly. A remote control is provided for controlling various operations of the vehicle.
A runner for pallets includes a cardboard sheet folded to include a first portion forming an M shape, a second portion folded across the M shape to form two closed triangles, and a third portion folded around the M shape including sections along and adjacent a first outer leg of the M shape and across the M shape and along and adjacent a second outer leg of the M shape. Adhesive bonds the third portion to the first and second portions. The arrangement forms a beam of sufficient structural rigidity to support the vertical and horizontal “abuse” often received by pallets. Notches for fork lift tines are cut into the length for matching a typical location of the fork lift tines. A pallet includes a deck such as cardboard or other material, and three runners attached to a bottom of the deck.
A pallet for storage and transport of goods consists of an upper deck that serves as a standing surface for the goods, standing feet that can be assembled onto the underside of the upper deck, and accommodation channels formed into the upper deck, for affixing at least one reinforcement strip. The upper deck is divided into at least two rectangular partial regions, and each partial region has an accommodation channel for a reinforcement strip, which is disposed in the diagonal of the partial region.
A sewing machine that is capable of sewing an embroidery pattern on a work cloth includes a storage device that stores embroidery data to identify a shape of the embroidery pattern and reference line data to identify a pattern position and a pattern angle. The sewing machine also includes an imaging device that captures an image of the work cloth onto which a marker is affixed, and a detection device that detects a marker position and a marker angle based on information of the image captured by the imaging device. The sewing machine further includes a conversion device that converts the embroidery data based on the pattern position, the pattern angle, the marker position, and the marker angle. The sewing machine further includes a sewing control device that controls sewing of the embroidery pattern based on the embroidery data obtained after conversion.
A sewing machine includes an image pickup device that picks up over a sewing machine bed; a feature point coordinates calculation device that extracts feature points from the picked up image and calculates two-dimensional coordinates of the extracted feature points; a reference coordinates storage device that stores reference coordinates, which are previously measured three-dimensional coordinates of the feature points; a correlation device that correlates the reference coordinates stored in the reference coordinates storage device with the feature point coordinates, which are the two-dimensional coordinates of the feature points calculated by the feature point coordinates calculation device; and a parameter calculation device that calculates a parameter about the image pickup device based on a result of correlation by the correlation device.
A sewing machine includes an image pickup device that picks up over a sewing machine bed; a feature point coordinates calculation device that extracts feature points from the picked up image and calculates two-dimensional coordinates of the feature points; a reference coordinates storage device that stores three-dimensional reference coordinates of the feature points; a correlation device that correlates the reference coordinates with the feature point coordinates; a parameter calculation device that calculates a parameter about the image pickup device; a parameter storage device that stores the calculated parameter; a comparison image acquisition device that acquires the picked up image as a comparison image; a first determination device that determines whether comparison information matches with parameter information; and a first notification device that notifies that it is necessary to re-calculate the parameter depending on the result by the first determination device.
The disclosure relates to a fin stabilization system adapted to minimize roll about the longitudinal axis of the boat during sharp cornering at very high speeds. In one form, equipment such as a machine gun is mounted to the bow of the boat and targets are adapted to be engaged in high-speed maneuvers when cornering and the deck of the boat is not excessively rolled whereby blocking visibility in a turn.
A new use for a cranked reel employing a clutch bearing and a drag, which drag is controllably released by reverse rotation of the crank. The new use is to raise or lower an anchor using a cranked reel employing a clutch bearing and a drag, which drag is controllably released by reverse rotation of the crank.
The marine dockline holder provides an easy place to leave the docklines in an elevated position when the boat leaves the dock, enabling the lines to be easily retrieved and attached to the boat upon its return to the dock. The marine dockline holder has a line hook attached to the top of a two-piece rod. The rod is inserted into a spring which is in turn inserted into a deck mounting plate. The deck mounting plate is mounted to a dock by two connecting bolts passing though the upper and lower mounting plates, and though gaps in the dock's surface.
Boat hull having aerated longitudinal hydrosponsons with air injection into tunnels and distribution to generate bubbles across central running surfaces.
A combined holder-bag for small boats, to storage and holds the anchor, rope and others light items like trash that could fly away with the wind causing water pollution. The invention particularly provides a holder-bag in a safe and convenient place at the boat's bow rail or the boat's bow it self in a horizontal V shaped position, with very little wind resistance, made of mesh material at the bottom for ventilation and drainage and the larger top cover (for water and other elements protection) keeping storage items dry and ventilated, free of mildew and humidity. It has two side zippers closing toward the front, ending where there is an overlap small top cover with Velcro fastener for ease opening and closing access and next to the boat's anchor cleat. In between the two-bottom mesh layers have a half-inch “dry fast” cushioning foam to minimize rattle noise. Internally have two anchor securing systems to hold and keep it in place tightly, one to wrap the anchor shank, ring and chain and the second one to cover the whole anchor. Two other rectangular wrappers with Velcro fastener are provided to hold in place items like tackle boxes. It also provide an anchor saver strap to tie down the anchor's rope-end, having a sound alarm at the middle, to save the anchor, chain and rope in case of being thrown overboard without properly tight it down at the boat's anchor cleat. The holder-bag it is conformed to the curved boat's bow or rail shape, have a very slick construction and it is ease to install by cord or tie wrap to the bow rail or to the boat's bow it self. Once installed, provide a shady space cover down to the boat's floor, to store items like the icebox, protecting from the sun's heat or other elements, avoiding things flying away with the wind when sailing causing water pollution, also having a trash pocket stitched.
The present invention relates to an adjustable mounting system for a leaning post for a boat having a pair of side-by-side seat posts. The leaning post is provided with a pair of brackets to which hollow cylindrical support posts can be adjustably mounted. The spacing between the support posts can be adjusted to align with the spacing of a pair of conventional hollow cylindrical side-by-side vertical seat posts. A pair of spaced apart parallel slots in the mounting brackets receive bolts that secure the support posts to the mounting bracket and allow the distance between the support posts to be adjusted to align with the distance between the seat posts.
An outrigger securing assembly for use on a fishing vessel. The securing assembling includes an automatic locking member that is secured to a structural member of the vessel and is capable of latching or releasing a latch member that is secured to an outrigger mast. The automatic locking member is equipped with a latching actuator that can release the latch member. The latching actuator can be operated either manually or hydraulically from a control device removed from the automatic locking member.
A securing device for securing a flag having a grommet to a cord is provided. Such securing device includes a support member manufactured from a predetermined material and having a first predetermined shape and a first predetermined size. Such support member further having at least one aperture disposed therethrough at a predetermined location. Such aperture has a second predetermined size and is capable of being threaded with a cord for securing such cord to such support member, such cord has a third predetermined size. A securing mechanism is operably connectable to such support member for securing such flag to such support member.
A bookmark having a frame with at least three legs joined together in a serial manner; and a decorative piece attached to one of the at least three legs of the frame.
A crystal-growing furnace with a heating improvement structure includes a furnace body, a supporting table, a top heater, and a bottom heater. When the silicon material around the top heater is melted, molten silicon slurry will flow directly into the spacing among particles of the silicon material. This will expedite internal part of the silicon material to absorb energy. As a result, a desirable cycle will be established to expedite melting the whole silicon material in the crucible. The crucible is heated at the bottom thereof by the bottom heater directly so as to enhance efficiency in melting the silicon material in the crucible, and to save energy and time consumed by the crystal-growing furnace. Further, since both of the top and the bottom heaters are symmetrical with one another, the crucible can be heated uniformly. This not only saves energy and makes the heating job convenient, but also saves cost in manufacture.
The device for production of a monocrystalline or a multicrystalline material blank, especially a silicon multicrystalline blank, using the VGF method has a crucible with a rectangular or square cross section. A flat heating device, especially a jacket heater, which generates an inhomogeneous temperature profile, is arranged around the crucible. This temperature profile corresponds to the temperature gradient formed in the center of the crucible. The heat output of the flat heating device decreases from the top to the bottom end of the crucible. The flat heating device includes parallel heating webs, which extend in a meandering course. The heat outputs from the heating webs differ according to their different conductor cross sections. To avoid local overheating in corner areas of the crucible, constrictions of the cross sections of the heating webs are provided at inversion zones of their meandering course.
A substrate processing apparatus includes a processing vessel; a mounting table for mounting the substrate thereon in the processing vessel; a gas inlet unit provided in the processing vessel; a gas supply mechanism for supplying a hydrogen-containing gas into the processing vessel through the gas inlet unit; a gas discharge port provided at the processing vessel; a gas exhaust mechanism for exhausting an inside of the processing vessel through the gas discharge port; a catalyst provided in the processing vessel; and a heating unit for heating the catalyst. Hydrogen radicals are formed in the processing vessel by a catalytic cracking reaction between the hydrogen-containing gas and the catalyst of high temperature, and the substrate is processed by the hydrogen radicals.
The present invention is a wild bird feeder with the features that make it safe and easy to use but protected from being reused. A reservoir containing bird seed is connected with a feeding base using an adaptor. The feeding base is threaded to the adaptor which in turn is threaded to the reservoir. A stop attached to the feeding base and a locking adaptor seat keeps the assembled wild bird feeder from being taken apart and refilled. The wild bird feeder converts from a first storage position to a second feeding position by partially unthreading the feeding base from the adaptor so bird seed is supplied to the bottom portion of the feeding base. A plurality of perches are supported by the feeding base. The perches are moved from a stored position to a properly deployed position when second feeding position is realized. A label is placed on the reservoir to provide a logo, directions for use and bird seed data.
An animal feeder may be provided comprising a housing having a central axis and configured to receive feed. A feeding plate having an opening configured to allow a portion of an animal's head to penetrate the feeding plate may be configured to fit within the housing and traverse and rotate about the central axis. In addition, a locking ring may be configured to contain the feeding plate within the housing.
The present invention combines a classical hummingbird feeder with the disposable features that make it safe and easy to use. A transparent cylindrical fluid reservoir contains a feeding solution that is dispensed through a feeding tube assembly at the bottom of the reservoir. The feeding tube assembly is attached to a bottom disc that is supported and sealed at the bottom of the cylindrical fluid reservoir by a red bottom cap threaded to the reservoir. The red feeding tube assembly has an exit tube that can be adjusted to place an exit aperture in an optimum location for the hovering hummingbird. Single or multiple exit tubes can be provided. The feeding solution has an additive to determine when it has spoiled. The top of the fluid reservoir has a moat filled with an insect inhibiting fluid to protect against insects and ants. A red label is placed on the reservoir to provide logo, directions for use and safety warnings thereon.
There are disclosed electronic and barrier systems for a pet door. In an embodiment, an electronic monitoring system includes sensors and a control module set to recognize animals having different personalities trying to access the pet door. An alarm is in connection with the control module for actuation based on personality of the animal. In one embodiment, a security barrier component allows a dog access to the pet door and prevent a human from accessing the pet door. The barrier component requires the dog to turn from a side portion into the pet door to prevent a human from accessing the pet door. In another embodiment, a device for limiting access through a pet door includes a tunnel formed between a top surface and sidewalls sized for allowing a small pet, while preventing a larger animal, from passage through the pet door. Other embodiments are also disclosed.
A hanger for a brisket tube or brisket rail employs an L-shaped bracket member formed of a slotted vertical plate with a horizontal top mounting flange. A clamp member, e.g., an omega clamp, secures the top mounting flange to a lower rail of a stall divider. A brisket pipe clamp attaches to the bracket and has an arcuate portion that captures the brisket pipe. The brisket pipe clamp is formed of a slide plate with flanged edges, a partly arcuate retaining arm that extends proximally from the slide plate, and a stub or post that extends distally through the slot in the vertical plate. This can be a threaded post so that the slide plate can be secured to the vertical plate with a nut. The slot permits limited vertical adjustment.
A raptor perch apparatus for use at the top of a power pole for raptors to perch and nest without contacting the power lines supported by the power pole. In a preferred embodiment, the apparatus comprises a hub bracket having a center member received over the top of the power pole and a plurality of socket-like lateral brackets extending outwardly from the center member to support a plurality of lateral support members extending outwardly from the pole, preferably at a slight upward angle. The proximal end of the lateral support members is received in the lateral brackets. A guy wire or the like is received through a ring member on an end cap at the distal end of each lateral support member to circumvent the distal ends thereof. If needed, a pole top extension can be used to raise the apparatus above the top of the power pole.
The device for attaching an artificial tail to an animal is a device for securing an upper portion of an artificial animal tail to a portion of the animal's natural tail. The device includes a longitudinally extending strap and a laterally extending strap, with the longitudinally extending strap being joined to the laterally extending strap adjacent respective first ends thereof. The laterally extending strap is positioned orthogonal to the longitudinally extending strap. In use, the longitudinally extending strap extends in the horizontal direction, and the laterally extending strap extends in the vertical direction. The longitudinally extending strap is looped around the upper portion of the artificial tail and a portion of the animal's natural tail, and the laterally extending strap is similarly looped around the artificial tail and a portion of the animal's natural tail to secure the artificial tail to the natural tail in both lateral and longitudinal directions.
A convertible scratching apparatus for a cat or other pet includes a frame and a panel having a scratching surface thereon. The panel is selectively positionable relative to the frame so that a user can orient the scratching surface horizontally, vertically or at an angle, depending on the user's or the pet's preference. Optionally, a second panel is provided with a second scratching surface and braces the first panel in an erected configuration.
A deterrent apparatus having a non-conductive tubing having a length, an outer surface and an inner surface defining a lumen, and at least a first electrical conductor and a second electrical conductor present on the outer surface of the non-conductive tubing. A power source comprising a battery having a first terminal and a second terminal is connected to the conductors so that the first terminal is electrically connected to the first conductor and the second terminal is electrically connected to the second conductor. The deterrent apparatus is suitable for use on medical tubing or veterinary tubing, for example, to deter animals from chewing or biting at the tubing.
A tethering system is used with a bicycle and a pet. The system has:
a flexible tube having a proximal end and a distal end;
the proximal end of the flexible tube having a plate connector having a bike attachment system and a removable connection with the flexible tube, the connector configured to attach to a position on a two-wheel bicycle within 15 cm of a rear axel on the two-wheel bicycle; and
the distal end of the flexible tube having a connection system for a leash.
A decorative accessory for a pet includes a harnessing member, a leash member, and a plurality of charm elements. The harnessing member includes at least one strap element, each having a plurality of engagement locations, and a fastening element. The plurality of engagement locations is configured on the each strap element. The fastening element is disposed on the each strap element. The leash member includes a strip element having a first end segment and a second end segment, a plurality of engagement emplacements configured on the strip element, and a connecting element disposed at the first end segment for connecting the leash member with the harnessing member. Each charm element of the plurality of charm elements includes an attaching mechanism having a female engagement element and a male engagement element adapted to secure the each charm element to at least one of the harnessing member and the leash member.
An apparatus and method for discouraging or deterring animals from removing or attempting to remove veterinary medical lines which are attached to them or otherwise located in their immediate vicinity. The apparatus includes a tube body, two electrical conductors connected to the tube body in a spiral, wrapped configuration, and a battery power source. The tube is constructed of a non-conductive material and may be of varying diameter and length. The conductors are disposed so that they may be contacted on the outside of the tube body, and upon contact with the animal's tongue or saliva, an electrical circuit is completed through the tongue, conductors and power source, thereby delivering an electrical impulse through the sensitive tissues of the animal. The low voltage electrical shock is harmless to the animal but is unpleasant, thus the animal does not attempt to remove the intravenous tube and medicating proceeds as normal.
A method and apparatus are provided, for allowing pets to ascend and descend on a foldable staircase having a plurality of stair treads operatively connected by articulating links in such a manner that the treads can be pivoted in unison from a stowed position of the staircase, in which the treads are substantially stacked upon one another, to a plurality of extended positions, in which the links position the treads in a spaced and parallel relationship to one another. A latch selectively secures the staircase in a selected one of the extended positions. The latch is configured for preventing further pivoting of the treads in either direction between the stowed and extended positions of the staircase, when the latch is engaged.
A protective cover for an animal's extremity, that: is soft or comfortable to the animals hoof, foot or pads; is adjustable for fit; can protect or cover the length of the animal's leg; is durable; and easy to put on and take off; is easily cleaned and re-useable; and can reduce the wear or tear upon a bandage, splint or cast reducing the need for re-bandaging, splinting or casting. The device employs a stable and moldable base with an open ended piece of durable material, called a shell, which is fashioned into a tapered tube that is opened up on the side so as to allow the animal's foot or hoof to be inserted. The tapered tube wraps and closes around the horse's lower leg by use of several elastic straps sewn horizontally onto the exterior of the tapered tube material. The sizing of the protective covering allows the tube to be closed over most sized bandages, wraps or casts placed upon the injured animal and means for closing the tube from dirt or other items that might damage or degrade a bandage, wrap, splint or cast placed upon the animal's leg. Inserted or attached to the top of the moldable base is a soft neoprene pad that is resilient and provides a barrier from the ground with bottom of the horse's hoof This barrier is waterproof yet breathable and beneficial for the horse in that the horse's hoof is protected from contact with the ground yet the pliable nature allows for a more even distribution of weight to be applied on the animal's limbs.
A collar comprises a strip of material. A buckle couples to the strip of material. A plurality of attachment ports couple to the strip of material. A fashion attachment comprises a plurality of coupling ports, and each coupling port couples to one of the plurality of attachment ports.
A method for customizing an animal companion collar comprises selecting a first fashion attachment. The first fashion attachment comprises a plurality of coupling ports configured to couple to a plurality of attachment ports of a fashion collar. The method detaches a second fashion attachment from a first fashion collar. The first fashion collar comprises a plurality of attachment ports. The method attaches the first fashion attachment to the first fashion collar by coupling one or more of the plurality of coupling ports to one or more of the plurality of attachment ports.
An apparatus for providing a condensing side-arm water heater with improved efficiency. The condensing side-arm element recirculates exhaust gases into heating the cooler part of a water heater tank by the thermosiphon (or buoyancy) effect in a counterflow configuration, thus increasing efficiency of the water heater.
An apparatus that extracts energy from processed agriculture residue (PAR) such as dried distiller grains or rapeseed as a biomass fuel having about 12% by weight or less moisture combusted in a vertically elongated combustion chamber having at least one suspension burner that projects a flame down a longitudinal axis of combustion chamber for transferring heat to heat collection surface located radially from the flame, an exhaust opening vertically spaced from a distal end of the flame containment portion and vertically spaced lower of a substantial majority of the heat collection surface, and a temperature modulator that supplies a cooling air. A method of extracting energy from PAR fuel is disclosed.
A cooling system for an internal combustion engine of a motor vehicle having a rotating member and using coolant in a liquid cooling system, is provided that comprises a radiator for dissipating the heat from the coolant, an electric pump for pumping the coolant through the cooling system, a mechanical pump operatively connected to the rotating member for pumping coolant through the cooling system, and a clutch for disengaging the second pump for minimizing the parasitic loss of the system and improving total fuel economy of the vehicle.
An automotive engine cover is provided that at least partly covers an automotive engine in an automotive engine compartment. The engine cover, includes, but is not limited to cooling fins that are made of a metallic or ceramic material. The automotive engine cover is provided with improved cooling effect as compared to known automotive engine covers. The improved cooling effect prolongs the life-time of the automotive engine cover. The improved cooling effect also help to increase the life-time of other components in the engine compartment, which otherwise may degrade, deform or even melt due to heat transfer from heat-generating components in the engine. In turn, this paves the way for the design of engines which may generate even more heat than today.
A variable timing limiting device for mounting to a camshaft variable timing mechanism includes a flange having a central opening and a travel limiter extending from the flange, wherein the camshaft variable timing mechanism has a hub and a sprocket having a recessed portion, the travel limiter being matably receivable in the recessed portion of the sprocket. In another aspect of the disclosure, a variable timing limiting device for a camshaft variable timing mechanism includes a free floating travel limiter inserted into a chamber portion of the camshaft variable timing mechanism. In another aspect of the disclosure, a camshaft variable timing mechanism for securing to a camshaft includes a hub, a vane lobe extending from the hub, a sprocket portion having a recess configured to receive an end of the vane lobe, the vane lobe being capable of travel within the recess, and a variable timing limiting device.
The mechanical variable cam timing device has a camshaft connector, a sprocket, a sprocket ring and a connector ring, all of which have teeth with slanted side walls that mate to form a circumferential ring. The sprocket ring and the connector ring move axially so as to shift the spacing between the teeth and provide for a phase shift.
The camshaft adjusting device has an inner spring retainer which mates with a rotor and an outer spring retainer which is fixed on a spring cover plate.
A lash adjuster includes a cylindrical bottomed plunger mounted in a cylindrical bottomed body so as to be movable upward and downward and including a high-pressure chamber defined between an underside of the plunger and a bottom wall of the body to reserve an operating oil, a leak path defined by an inner circumference of the body and an outer circumference of the plunger so that the oil reserved in the high-pressure chamber leaks through the leak path with downward movement of the plunger, and a ring-shaped member located between the inner circumference of the body and the outer circumference of the plunger, normally projecting into the leak path and being elastically deformed radially inward or outward with increase in pressure of the oil at the high-pressure chamber side so as to be retreated from the leak path, thereby reducing flow resistance of the oil in the leak path.
A process for starting a direct-injecting internal-combustion engine is disclosed. The process includes triggering a separate drive for adjusting the camshaft for causing an angular position change between the crankshaft and the camshaft until the separate drive rotates the crankshaft such that a working medium is compressed by a piston in a cylinder of the internal-combustion engine. The position of the pistons of the internal-combustion engine is determined by using position determining devices to identify the cylinder of the internal-combustion engine in which the working medium is compressed. Fuel is injected into the cylinder in which the working medium is compressed when the cylinder is in a proximity of an upper dead center to start the internal-combustion engine.
A valve apparatus includes a valve shaft, a body, a bearing housing, a fixing device, and an actuator. The body has a flow path therein, and the flow path has an opening degree that is operated by rotation of the valve shaft. The bearing housing rotatably supports the valve shaft, and the bearing housing has a predetermined attachment portion. The fixing device fixes the bearing housing to the body by fastening the predetermined attachment portion of the bearing housing to an outer surface of the body. The actuator is provided to cover the fixing device from outside, and the actuator is fixed to the body and the bearing housing. The actuator applies a driving force to the valve shaft.
An apparatus for damping torsional vibration in a shaft, having a plurality of retainer pockets spaced from each other in the direction of the shaft's axis of rotation and connected for contemporaneous rotation with the shaft, and a plurality of disks each disposed within one of the retainer pockets, each retainer pocket having a circular track wall, each disk being free to shift perpendicular to the shaft's axis of rotation to engage and move along the circular track wall in response to the vibration, wherein each circular retainer pocket has a center that is at a predetermined radial offset distance relative to the shaft's axis of rotation and the respective radial offsets are angularly spaced from each other about the shaft's axis of rotation.
A piston for an internal combustion engine is disclosed. The piston body has two pin bores for receiving a piston pin. At least one rib is disposed on the second side and extends outwardly therefrom. The at least one rib is aligned laterally between the two pin bores in a direction along the piston pin axis. The at least one rib has a longitudinal axis extending generally perpendicular to both the reciprocation axis of the piston and the piston pin axis. A piston having a boss extending approximately within the piston pin radius of the piston pin axis, and a piston having a boss generally following the contour of the piston pin are also disclosed. An engine having the piston is also disclosed.
A first rib extending downward from a middle portion to an outer peripheral portion is formed on an inner wall of a chain cover. In addition a second rib, which extends downward from the outer peripheral portion to the middle portion and has a height lower than that of the first rib, is formed above the first rib. A projection extending in the height direction of the second rib is provided on an upper surface of the second rib.
The invention consists of the application of both fuel and water in engines and is characterised by the simultaneous vaporisation of these substances using one or more injection pumps of the type used for diesel and petrol injection engines.
The fuel could be petrol, diesel, vegetable oil or another appropriate substance. Demineralised water is preferred to ordinary water. Blends of various fuels can also be used. The quantity of fuel and air can be adjusted for the proper operation of the engine.
According to the method, water is transformed into high-pressure steam. The phase transformation requires relatively little energy. This energy can be obtained from the fuel which is transferred into the engine. The pressure of the steam and the gases which are released with the fuel explosion provide kinetic energy.
A modified common rail fuel injection system, for diesel engines, is described, for use with slurry fuels comprising dissolved supplementary atomizing gases. Two separate high pressure fluid circuits are utilized to supply and operate the engine fuel injectors. A high pressure fuel circuit comprises, a high pressure pump delivering engine fuel into a fuel common rail, from which the fuel is delivered into each fuel injector, and from there into each engine combustion chamber. A high pressure hydraulic circuit comprises, a high pressure pump delivering hydraulic fluid into a hydraulic common rail, from which the hydraulic fluid acts on drivers of the injector valves, via timed on-off valves, to operate each fuel injector at the proper time in each engine cylinder cycle. Reliable operation of the fuel injectors is not impaired by slurry fuel degassing or slurry fuel particles.
Disclosed herein is a fuel injector for an internal combustion engine, which can achieve the improved responsiveness to the target fuel pressure as well as the improved controllability even when the fuel pressure is greatly decreased.
A hold-down device for elastically fastening multiple fuel injectors, which are held down in a cylinder head of the internal combustion engine via spring elements for directly injecting fuel into the combustion chamber of an internal combustion engine, has a rail-shaped design having recesses for receiving the multiple fuel injectors.
An internal combustion engine has at least one cylinder, and a means for varying the compression ratio in the cylinder. The at least one cylinder has two oppositely directed reciprocatingly movable pistons in it, which are each connected via a piston rod with a corresponding arm, whereby each arm shows an opening in which a main shaft that connects the two arms is rotatably supported in bearings. The main shaft includes an angle with a centre line of each opening. The means for varying the compression ratio in the cylinder includes a division in the main shaft, as well as drive means in order to move the parts formed by it of the main shaft apart from each other.
An economical method for controlling a lift pump operating as part of a direct injection fuel system is described. According to the method, the lift pump is operated at efficient operating conditions and then stopped until additional fuel is requested.
A fuel tank assembly comprising a fuel tank having a plurality of walls spaced apart by a floor, a flange having a top portion and a bottom portion, and extending downward from one of the plurality of walls, is provided. The fuel tank assembly further includes a housing, a crimp ring and a lip, wherein the crimp ring is fitted over the lip for engaging the flange and the housing. A fuel pump is housed within the housing, wherein the housing is arranged to fixedly position at least one inlet connected to the fuel pump at or in close proximity to the floor of the fuel tank. A fuel reservoir extends away from the floor having at least one passage formed therein, the fuel reservoir being positioned within the fuel tank so as to create an accumulated area of the fuel tank surrounding the at least one inlet, wherein fuel enters the accumulated area through the at least one passage for receipt by the at least one inlet.
A fuel-saving apparatus includes an elongated and flattened body made from a pliable material. The body has two ends each has a coupling slot formed thereon, a plurality of openings formed on the surface thereof and a plurality of upper flanges and lower flanges formed at two lateral sides, and a base blade which has the surface attached to an infrared membrane. The base blade is wedged through the coupling slot and encased by the body. The body is disposed in a fuel tank without the flattened surface directly in contact with the inner wall of the fuel tank due to the upper and lower flanges. The base blade radiates infrared light through the openings to boost the energy level of fuel molecules in the fuel tank so that the fuel can achieve almost complete combustion.
A crankcase that is provided in an internal combustion engine, in which blow-by gas is returned to an intake passage via a gas outflow passage formed in a cylinder block so as to extend in a direction from an upper portion to a lower portion of the cylinder, includes: a partition wall extending in a direction from an upper portion to a lower portion of the crankcase and facing an inner side surface of a crankcase outer wall that also extends in the direction from the upper portion to the lower portion of the crankcase; an internal space that is formed between the partition wall and the inner side surface of the crankcase outer wall and connected to the gas outflow passage at an upper end of the internal space; and a window that is formed on the partition wall to communicate an inside and outside of the internal space.
An arrangement and a method are provided for a combustion engine which can be powered with a first and a second type of fuel and the first type of fuel can sufficiently lubricate the valve seating of the combustion engine. The arrangement includes, but is not limited to two fuel circuits that are at least partially allocated to the different types of fuel as well as at least one electronic control device, which controls the operation of the combustion engine with the first type of fuel and also with the second type of fuel. The operation of the combustion engine is controlled in a way that the first type of fuel is fed to the combustion engine in selectable intervals.
A low geometric squish ratio piston for internal combustion engines to facilitate squish inducing mixing and intensified turbulence near engine top dead center The piston comprises a piston head having a height and a width and a depth with a top surface, and a skirt region with a ring region to define a body. The top surface defines an outer radius and is equipped with a combustion bowl recessed in the top surface and concentric therein to define an inner radius. The outer radius and the inner radius define a low geometric squish ratio. The combustion bowl has a deep piston center depth and a relatively high re-entrant angle at a periphery of the combustion bowl radius.
The present invention comprises a two-track cam assembly wherein the cam assembly has a bowstring component for housing the bowstring and a power cable component that allows for the take up and let out of the power cable on opposing ends of the power cable component, effectively creating a two-track cam assembly. The efficiency rating of the device achieves 95.8%. The cam assembly can come in a unitary or modular form and further each component (i.e. the bowstring or power cable component) can be in a circular or non-circular form.
A panel for an oven includes an outer wall, an inner wall, and a rail interconnecting the outer wall and the inner wall. The rail including an outer beam coupled with the outer wall, an inner beam coupled with the inner wall, and a plurality of rungs connecting the outer beam and the inner beam. The rail having a first end portion, an intermediate portion, and a second end portion that together define a total length of the rail. The intermediate portion including all of the rungs such that there are no rungs on either of the first or second end portions. The first end portion and the second end portion together defining at least about 33 percent of the total length of the rail and the intermediate portion defining no more than about 67 percent of the total length of the rail.
A gas burner has an air-gas mixture distribution section with an open loop geometry and a plurality of sides. The air-gas mixture distribution section has a top heating surface and a plurality of ports are disposed on the top heating surface. An inlet is disposed on one of the plurality of sides of the air-gas mixture distribution section and a distribution diffuser is mounted inside the air-gas mixture distribution section.
A fireplace system having a fireplace cavity and a secondary combustion assembly disposed adjacent to a rear wall of the fireplace cavity. The secondary combustion assembly includes a plurality of combustion chambers configured to facilitate secondary combustion. A plurality of inlets are disposed in the rear wall of the fireplace cavity. One or more of the plurality of inlets are configured to provide fluid communication between the fireplace cavity and a respective one of the plurality of combustion chambers. An exhaust gas collection chamber is in fluid communication with at least the secondary combustion assembly. The exhaust gas collection chamber includes a vent configured to release exhaust gas into a chimney. An ambient air bypass aperture is disposed in a top baffle of the fireplace cavity. The ambient air bypass aperture is configured to divert at least a portion of ambient air entering the fireplace cavity into the exhaust gas collection chamber.
A photovoltaic water heater includes a tank containing water and a heater element, a solar module, and a control circuit coupling the solar module to the heater element. One or more transducers in the system produce signals indicative of water usage. A microprocessor is programmed to produce a model of water usage from the signals and cause the heater element to heat water in accordance with the model.
The invention is a wind resistant celestial tracking apparatus that uses gravitational forces acting on the moving elements of the structure to provide overturning resistance. A molded self curing compound, such as reinforced concrete, is used as the structural material that provides the mass, and thus the gravitational overturning resistance that reduces or eliminates the need for a massive ballasted or dug-in foundation. The combination of these features potentially lowers cost significantly over that of tracking apparatuses found in prior art. The invention is appropriate for use in any celestial tracking application with any number of axes of motion, but is particularly useful in two axis solar energy collection systems.
The present invention relates to a solar element with solar cell carrier, frame and temperature control device, in which, in order to be simply producible, the temperature control device is an integral part of the frame. The invention relates furthermore to a method for the production of such solar element as well as the use of same.
An aerosolizing inhalation device comprising a housing including a battery, a pneumatic switch, an atomizer and a liquid-supplying bottle having a first end connected to the atomizer, wherein the liquid-supplying bottle includes a vent duct, and wherein at least a portion of the housing defines an air orifice.
This invention relates to aerosol formulations of use for the administration of medicaments by inhalation, in particular a pharmaceutical aerosol formulation which comprises particulate salbutamol and physiologically acceptable salts and solvates thereof and a fluorocarbon or hydrogen-containing chlorofluorocarbon propellant, which formulation is substantially free of surfactant. A method of treating respiratory disorders which comprises administration by inhalation of an effective amount of a pharmaceutical aerosol formulation as defined is also described.
A canister for use in metered dose inhalers and fitted with a metering valve has walls that are formed of a laminate that includes a first layer which is composed of a metal and a second layer which is composed of a strengthening material.
Described herein are adhesive nasal devices. In particular, the adhesive nasal respiratory devices described herein are configured to be worn in communication with a subject's nasal cavity and may include a rim body having a passageway therethrough, an airflow resistor in communication with the passageway of the rim body, and a flexible, adhesive holdfast layer extending outward from the periphery of the rim body. The rim body region may be formed from multiple parts (e.g., a first and a second rim body region), and the airflow resistor may be secured between the parts forming the rim body. Methods of manufacturing and assembling these adhesive nasal devices are also described.
A drug ejection apparatus comprises a drug ejection assembly having an ejection port and an element for generating energy for ejecting a drug through the ejection port, a drug container connected with the drug ejection assembly for holding the drug, a pressure sensor unit for sensing a pressure change in the inside of the drug container in correspondence with ejection of the drug through the drug ejection assembly, and a drive control unit for deciding driving conditions of the element for ejecting a prescribed amount of the drug by reference to an output level of the pressure sensor unit on driving the element under prescribed conditions.
The invention discloses a pre-metered dry powder inhaler for use in treatment of respiratory disorders. The inhaler comprises a foil cutter arranged for opening a dry, moisture-tight seal formed by a dose container with tiotropium particles and a seal foil fixed to the container. The tiotropium-containing dose protected from moisture ingress by the moisture-tight barrier seal is loaded in the container using volumetric or electric field dose forming techniques.
A medical product suitable for storing and delivering a pre-metered dose of tiotropium, devices containing the same, and methods of using the same.
The invention discloses a medical product that may be used in a treatment of respiratory disorders.
An inhaler for delivery of a powder-form inhalation formulation from a blister strip has a plurality of blister pockets and uses a pivotable mouthpiece cover to move the blister strip onward.
A method of customizing delivery of an oxygen-enriched gas to a user includes calibrating an oxygen delivery device such that it is configured to deliver oxygen-enriched gas to the user in an amount specific to the user's predicted need, which need is correlated with the user's then-current activity. An apparatus for achieving this method is also disclosed herein.
A method of providing a combination lung treatment therapy that is substantially uninterrupted between providing continuous positive airway pressure therapy and high-frequency therapy is disclosed. The present invention combines multiple respiratory therapies in order to facilitate the prevention and treatment of certain pulmonary diseases. The present invention also discloses a method of providing a combination lung treatment therapy that is substantially uninterrupted between providing medicated continuous positive airway pressure therapy and medicated high-frequency therapy is disclosed.
The claim over prior art is for an approach to an electronically controlled or electronically monitored breathing system that represents an improvement in electrical reliability, manufacturing cost and efficiency, user maintenance, system reliability, user cost and maintenance. These improvements are accomplished by placing the major electronic, mechanical and electromechanical control elements and sensor components in a single replaceable module.
An emergency oxygen system includes: a pressure vessel containing pressurized oxygen; a rupturable seal that confines the oxygen within the vessel until the seal is ruptured; and a valve assembly for controlling the oxygen release and delivery to an aircraft passenger. The valve assembly includes: a valve body with an oxygen outlet connected to the pressure vessel; and a threaded poppet mounted within the valve body whose first end is a pierce point in contact with the seal. The system further includes a pulley that is rotatably connected to the valve body and engages the second end of the poppet; a cable attached to the pulley to effect its rotation; and an oxygen breathing mask connected to the oxygen outlet. Actuation of the cable causes the pulley to rotate and the threaded poppet to move laterally towards the seal, which results in rupture of the seal and allows oxygen to flow through the oxygen outlet to the mask.
A flow regulation vent for venting washout gas to atmosphere and for regulating flow from a pressurized gas supply includes a fixed portion adapted to engage a gas supply conduit; a spring force biased movable portion structured for flowing communication with the pressurized gas supply; and a hinge pivotally connecting the movable portion to the fixed portion. The fixed portion has a gas flow orifice and the movable portion is pivotally movable between 1) a relaxed position, wherein below a specified operating pressure, the movable portion is pivoted by the spring force to a position away from the fixed portion to establish a first gas washout flow area between the movable portion and the gas flow orifice, and 2) a fully pressurized position. At or above the specified operating pressure, the pressurized gas offsets the spring force to pivot the movable portion to a position adjacent the fixed portion to cover at least a portion of the gas flow orifice and establish a second gas washout flow area between the movable portion and the gas flow orifice. The second gas washout flow area is less than the first gas washout flow area.
A respirator comprises: a nose and mouth covering porous filter body and a flexible restraining device arranged so that the body may pivot in a transverse plane about its nose contact portion, and the restraining device attaches to the body at positions where its restraining force imparts torque in the body about said nose contact portion so that the chin contact portion of said body bears against the user's chin.
A holder for nasal pillow as used for respiration in the treatment of sleep apnea, is arranged to enclose the mask substantially continuously along its longitudinal axis or axial length, stabilizing the mask against the nose breathing passage openings. The holder is held in position by a soft, deformable, or flexible strap. The flexible strap, which conforms to the contour or shape of the wearer's face, directs the force holding the nasal pillow in place along the facial contour, without causing any deformation of the face tissue and sleep interfering discomfort.
A medical appliance in the form of a pliable mouth piece in the shape of a funnel having a cylindrical section attached thereto. The pliable mouth piece is made of a robo rubber. An additional rigid tube may be inserted into the cylindrical section. The pliable appliance may be used with patients having a stoma to apply air by blowing into the mouth piece. The mouth piece may also be a part of a spirometer to test the lung capacity of people. The medical appliance may be used in patients who had a tracheotomy and by EMS technicians who perform a tracheotomy in an emergency.
An emergency ventilation apparatus, system, and method for providing ventilation to patients in emergency situations, the system comprising an angled laryngoscope handle and a ventilation-aid securement device. The handle is configured to hold a laryngoscope blade between approximately twenty and forty degrees relative to a lower portion of the handle for more effective intubation of patients. The securement device fits atop a portion of a ventilating mask and is adjustably secured to the patient fitted with the mask by an adjustable strap or similar device. The securement device fits flexibly over the mask providing a seal between the mask and the patient's face. A version of the securement device includes a thumbscrew for engaging with the mask to secure it. Another version of the securement device is further capable of securing an endotracheal tube to a patient using a thumbscrew to advance a retaining arm for engaging the tube.
The present invention provides a method and an apparatus for treating sleep disorders related to partial or complete obstruction of air passageways by the tongue during sleep, such as snoring and sleep apnea. A mouthpiece is inserted in a user's mouth, so that a radial portion of the mouthpiece is held between the user's teeth and lips. An extension portion of the mouthpiece extends from the radial portion forward, through the user's lips, ending in a tip in which is formed a suction hole. A vacuum bladder snugly fits on the tip of the extension portion of the mouthpiece, so that pinching the vacuum bladder expels air from the bladder through the suction hole and into the extension portion of the mouthpiece. When the mouthpiece is positioned in a person's mouth, releasing the compressed bladder creates a vacuum suitable for comfortably holding the person's tongue within a tongue cavity inside the extension portion of the mouthpiece.
An ashtray includes a peripheral wall and a bottom wall together defining a compartment. A sealing plate having a melting point below 200° C. is mounted to an inner periphery of the peripheral wall and separates the compartment into an open space and a sealed space. A burning cigarette can burn through the sealing plate such that a burning end of the cigarette can enter the sealed space that lacks oxygen. Thus, the cigarette can be put out immediately to avoid injury to the human body.
A hair extension apparatus includes a plurality of hair strands attached to a support structure configured for positioning on the wearer's head. The support structure can have an upper member defining an upper edge of the support structure, a lower member defining a lower edge of the support structure functionally attached at opposed ends to the upper member, a plurality of lace segments attached to the upper member and the lower member, and a plurality of wefts functionally attached to the lower member and the lace segments. The wefts can be positioned in substantially perpendicular orientation to the lace segments. The wefts and lace segments can be made of an elastic material, so that the support structure is stretchable in vertical and horizontal directions. A plurality of hair engaging members can be attached to the support structure to engage the natural hair of the wearer's head.
A device for packaging and delivering a product, notably a cosmetic product, is provided with a body, a supporting cup forming a seat for the product and able to move relative to the body between a storage position and at least one position of use of the product, an operator for operating the supporting cup including a guidance sheath, a casing surrounding guidance sheath and a member for operating the cup. The device also includes structure that, in a designated position, prevents the casing from rotating, interacting with the casing and an actuator for actuating the structure.
A method of hair extension includes acts of preparing extension hair, grouping original hair and the extension hair into corresponding groups, adhering with an adhesive, wrapping with a hot-melt adhesive sleeve and shaping the original hair and the extension hair. Because the original hair and the extension hair are bonded together by groups, the bonding is fast and easy. Additionally, the double bonding is very secure and the extension hair cannot break away easily from the original hair.
A sifting apparatus and container for storing and dispensing material, such as cosmetic powder are described. Two sifters are arranged so their holes are not aligned, and a resilient material is placed between the sifters to create a gap that allows powder to pass out from a storage cavity to a surface accessible by the user. In a second configuration, at least one of the sifters is displaced toward the other sifter to reduce or eliminate the gap, thus reducing or preventing the flow of material through the sifters.
Described herein are containers having a bottom portion, a bottom sifter, a dial sifter, and a removable cover having pins. A bottom sifter and a dial sifter are rotatably engaged, and both have at least one sifting hole for sifting materials with a powder-like consistency. Either the surface of the bottom sifter facing the dial sifter or the surface of the dial sifter facing the bottom sifter may have at least one raised portion, and the remaining surface may have at least one recessed depression. The dial sifter may have one or more cavities to engage the pins in the cover, thereby rotating the dial with the rotation of the cover.
Dental devices coated with substantially aqueous-free, saliva soluble, base coatings and ablative abrasives that break down during flossing; which combination creates the perception during flossing that said devices are working.
An improved structure of floss stick includes a body, two forks extending downward from a side of the body and a handle extending laterally from the body, The floss stick has plural lengths of flosses. The two ends of each of flosses are respectively connected to the two forks, such that the flosses are parallely arranged and spaced from each other. When a user utilizes the floss stick for flossing, the flosses are inserted between the user's teeth, and the handled is held to move to and fro along the teeth sides and removes the food and plaque therefrom.
An improved structure of floss stick includes a body, two forks extended from a side of the body, and a strip-shaped floss with a predetermined width having two ends stretched and fixed respectively to a position close to a free end of the two forks. When using the floss stick, the strip-shaped floss is put through a teeth interstice of a user for making surface contact between the strip-shaped floss and teeth at both sides of the teeth interstice, in order to increase cleaning range of the floss, and save time of teeth cleaning.
A process of cleaning a semiconductor manufacturing system, and a method of manufacturing a semiconductor device. The cleaning process includes, for example, positioning a ceramic cover on the electrostatic chuck in tight contact with the chuck, and feeding a fluoride-based cleaning gas into a chamber. After the cleaning process, a process of forming a semiconductor film (deposition process) is performed. It is possible to prevent fluorine degasification from a substrate-supporting electrode (electrostatic chuck) during the deposition process. A semiconductor film can be formed without causing a temperature drop near the substrate. This prevents irregular film thickness, defective etching, film flaking, etc.
A method for cleaning a portion of material comprises identifying a portion of material requiring cleaning. The method places a first absorbent pad on the identified portion. The first absorbent pad comprises a super-absorbent material and a liquid-resistant backing. The method places a first weight on top of the first absorbent pad. The method allows a period of time to elapse. The method removes the first weight and the first absorbent pad from the identified portion. In an additional embodiment, the method further comprises spraying neutralizer on the identified portion. The method places a second absorbent pad on the identified portion. The second absorbent pad comprises a super-absorbent material and a liquid-resistant backing. The method places a second weight on top of the second absorbent pad. The method allows a period of time to elapse. The method removes the second weight and the second absorbent pad from the identified portion. In one embodiment, the first absorbent pad and the second absorbent pad each comprise a smooth-finish meltblown pad comprising a first side and a second side; a liquid-resistant layer coupled to the smooth-finish meltblown pad and configured to define an enclosed cavity between the liquid-resistant layer and the first side of the smooth-finish meltblown pad; and an absorbent powder disposed within the enclosed cavity.
The present invention provides a cleaning assembly for use in a media processing device. In various embodiments, the cleaning assembly includes a first roller that at least partially engages a second roller, and a transport path that passes between the first roller and the second roller. There may also be a third collection roller that at least partially engages the second roller. The third collection roller may also engage a drive assembly that may be used to drive a media substrate along the transport path. In one embodiment, the second roller defines a surface adherence that is greater than a surface adherence of the first roller and the third collection roller defines a surface adherence that is greater than the surface adherence of the second roller and the drive assembly. As a result, the present invention provides a cleaning assembly capable of cleaning the drive assembly and opposed surfaces of a media substrate in a single pass.
Provided is a method of cleaning a flexible substrate. The method includes the steps of: preparing a flexible substrate and detaching an impurity adhered to both surfaces of the flexible substrate using rotating first rollers disposed on the both surfaces of the flexible substrate; and removing the impurity by transferring the impurity from the first roller to a second roller using the rotating second roller having a relatively higher adhesion than the first roller.
A device for clearing obstructions from a medical tube, such as a chest tube, is disclosed in various embodiments. The device features a shuttle member that is magnetically coupled to a guide wire within a guide tube, through the guide-tube wall, so that translation of the shuttle member induces a corresponding translation of the guide wire within the guide tube, without penetrating or compromising the guide-tube wall. In this manner, when the guide tube is coupled to a medical tube where obstructions have formed, the guide wire and clearance member may be inserted into and withdrawn from the medical tube, via actuation of the shuttle member, to engage and help clear such obstructions from the medical tube without compromising the sterile field. Methods of clearing a medical tube of obstructions are also disclosed.
Contaminants from surfaces of temperature sensitive substrates, such as glass substrates are removed by exposing the surfaces to a hydrogen Surface-mixed diffusion flame for a predetermined duration of time. The predetermined duration of time being insufficient to heat up the surfaces substantially thereby causing damage to the temperature sensitive substrates.
A wash pad and wash fluid containment system upon which items such as vehicles or equipment are positioned and supported for collecting wastewater occasioned when washing the items, the system having various combinations of the following: a central trench, left and right side wash pad sections positioned on opposite sides of the central trench, the left and right side wash pad sections preferably being of identical configuration and interchangeable, each side wash pad section having a sloped surface for directing wastewater toward the central trench; a partial side wall enclosure assembly disposed about an outer perimeter of three sides of the wash pad; integrated pressure washer system mounted on the rear wall; a retractable cover assembly including a tarp wrapped on a roller mounted on the rear wall; side wall extension system extending above the side walls including a frame and tarp sections hanging on the frame.
An ultrasonic cleaning device includes a liquid tank having a chamber for receiving a liquid and a work piece and having an opening formed in a bottom board for attaching an ultrasonic transducer with an insert, and for allowing the ultrasonic waves or energy generated by the ultrasonic transducer to be effectively applied to the liquid and the work piece received in the liquid tank. The insert includes an outer thread formed on a downwardly extended shank, and the ultrasonic transducer includes a peripheral fence having an inner thread for engaging with the outer thread of the insert and for solidly securing the ultrasonic transducer to the bottom board of the liquid tank.
An umbrella system relating to the general protection of fixed outdoor umbrellas, especially during windy conditions. The umbrella system uses a supportive shaft equipped with a resiliently deformable region allowing omni-directional bending under wind loading. A preferred embodiment of the deformable region comprises a helical spring.
An insulated tent which has interior and exterior walls that are separated from each other by an atmosphere of low thermal conductivity. The atmosphere may be a partial vacuum or may include a gas with lower thermal conductivity than air. The walls may be kept separate by the pressure of the gas or by mechanical forces and the partial vacuum may be induced by means of a one-way valve which permits the escape of heated air from between the interior and exterior walls. Also disclosed are structures that reduce the effect of wind on the tent's exterior surface, including spoilers and convex windward edges, and structures that guide the flow of water on the interior and exterior surfaces of the tent.
A collapsible truss assembly is described herein. One component includes a layered u-bracket including a first u-bracket connected to the collapsible truss assembly, having a first channel, a first surface opposing the channel, and a first aperture that spans from the first surface to the first channel and is of a particular diameter. The layered u-bracket also includes a second u-bracket having a second channel, a second surface opposing the second channel, and a second aperture that spans from the second surface to the second channel and is of the particular diameter. For the layered u-bracket, the second channel is flush with the first surface, and the first and second apertures are aligned.
An air-permeable simple car cover tent is formed by covering a cover onto a plurality of supports and a base. One end of the cover is provided with a falling part, two holes, and at least an air window. The top of the falling part is connected with the cover. The base is provided with a first and a second lateral plate that are parallel to each other and connected to the bottoms of a first and a second support legs and each support, so that each support is movable on the base. The tops of the first and the second support legs are inserted into the holes of the cover and connected to the bottom of the falling part to prop the falling part open and air can flow through the cover.
A nanowire-based photonic device and an array employ nanowires connecting between coaxially arranged electrodes in a non-uniform manner along a vertical extent of the electrodes. The device includes a pair of the electrodes separated by a circumferential gap. The nanowires chaotically emanate from an inner electrode of the pair and connect across the circumferential gap to an outer electrode of the pair. The array includes an outer electrode having an interconnected pattern of cells and inner electrodes, one per cell, arranged coaxially with and separated from the outer electrode by respective circumferential gaps. The nanowires chaotically emanate from the inner electrodes and connect across the respective circumferential gaps of the cells to the outer electrode. The device and the arrays further include a semiconductor junction between the electrodes.
A system for generating electrical power from solar radiation utilizing a thin film III-V compound multijunction semiconductor solar cell mounted on a support in a non-planar configuration.
A photoelectric conversion element is provided and includes: a pair of electrodes; a photoelectric conversion layer between the pair of electrodes; and a charge-blocking layer between one of the pair of the electrodes and the photoelectric conversion layer. The charge-blocking layer is capable of suppressing injection of a charge from the one of the pair of electrodes into the photoelectric conversion layer upon application of a voltage across the pair of electrodes, and the charge-blocking layer contains an insulating material and an electrically conductive material.
A method for manufacturing a solar cell having an improved process and a solar cell manufactured by the method include a semiconductor substrate having a via hole, an emitter portion, a base portion, a first electrode, and a second electrode. The emitter portion and the base portion form a p-n junction in the semiconductor substrate. The first electrode is electrically connected to the emitter portion, and the second electrode is electrically connected to the base portion. Conductive crystals are formed to electrically connect a first electrode portion of the first electrode and the emitter portion to increase the efficiency of the solar cell.
A solar cell is provided. The solar cell includes: a substrate; a first electrode that is formed on the substrate; a second electrode that is formed on the substrate and that is apart from the first electrode; and a photoelectric conversion element with one side connected to the first electrode and the other side connected to the second electrode, wherein an area that the photoelectric conversion element occupies is 30% or less of that of the substrate. Therefore, because an occupying area of an inorganic film is very small in a solar cell of a solar panel, the solar panel can have flexibility.
Embodiments of the present invention relate to nanowire-based photovoltaic cells and to methods for fabricating the same. In one embodiment, a photovoltaic cell includes a first semiconductor layer doped with a first impurity and disposed on a portion of a first raised surface of a substrate and a second semiconductor layer doped with a second impurity and disposed on a second raised surface of the substrate. The first semiconductor layer has at least one negatively sloped surface, and the second semiconductor layer has at least one positively sloped surface neighboring the at least one negatively sloped surface of the first semiconductor layer. The photovoltaic cell includes at least one nanowire electronically coupled to the negatively sloped surface of the first semiconductor layer and electronically coupled to the positively sloped surface of the second semiconductor layer.
Embodiments of the invention relate to methods of fabricating solar-cell structures and resulting solar-cell structures. In one embodiment of a method of fabricating a solar-cell structure, a substrate including a front surface and an opposing back surface is provided. A porous-silicon layer may be electrochemically formed from a portion of the substrate that extends inwardly from the front surface. A portion of the porous-silicon layer may be electrochemically passivated. Metallic material may be plated to form at least a portion of each of a plurality of electrical contacts that are in electrical contact with the substrate. In a method according to another embodiment of the invention, the porous-silicon layer may used to getter impurities present in the substrate. In such an embodiment, the porous-silicon layer may be removed after gettering.
A concentrator photovoltaic solar cell array for terrestrial use for generating electrical power from solar radiation including a multifunction III-V compound semiconductor solar cell with material composition and bandgaps to maximize absorption in the AM1.5 spectral region, and a thickness of one micron or greater so as to be able to produce in excess of 15 watts of DC power with conversion efficiency in excess of 37%. The aggregate surface area of the grid pattern covers approximately 2 to 5% of the top cell.
A conductive ink having a glass frit, an organic medium a conductive species and one or more metallo-organic components which form metal oxides upon firing and reduce series resistance to a same or greater degree a ink that do not include metallo-organic components, is provided. Embodiments of conductive ink include metallo-organic components that include a bismuth metallo-organic component and glass frits comprising one or more of bismuth oxide, silica, boron oxide, tellurium dioxide, and combinations thereof. Embodiments of photovoltaic cells with an anti-reflection coating, gridlines formed from conductive ink incorporating one or more metallo-organic components, are also provided.
A conductive ink substantially free of frit and photovoltaic cells having conductive gridlines formed from a conductive ink substantially free of glass frit are described. Conductive inks according embodiments of the present invention are adapted to adhere to the surface of a substrate and, upon firing, form a solid metal oxide phase and cause a conductive species to form an electrical conductor on the substrate. In further embodiments, the conductive ink is capable of penetrating anti-reflection coatings disposed on surfaces of substrates. In accordance with one or more embodiments, the conductive inks include a plurality of metallo-organic components which form a solid metal oxide phase upon firing and a conductive species. In other embodiments, the conductive inks include a plurality of precursors, including one or more precursors which form conductive elements upon firing or heating.
A photonic device and a method of making the device employ a bramble layer of nanowires having an uneven contour. The photonic device and the method include a first layer of a microcrystalline material provided on a substrate surface and a bramble layer of nanowires formed on the first layer. The photonic device and the method further include a second layer provided on the bramble layer. The nanowires have first ends integral to crystallites in the microcrystalline first layer and second ends opposite to the first ends. Different angular orientations of the nanowires provide the uneven contour of the bramble layer. The second layer has an uneven surface corresponding to the uneven contour of the bramble layer.
Optoelectronic devices in both traditional and inverted configurations are provided that include an electron-transport layer. The electron-transport layer includes a metal oxide layer and a monolayer. Methods for making and using the devices are also provided.
A concentrating photovoltaic (CPV) apparatus includes at least one lens unit, at least one solar cell chip unit, and a frame structure. The frame structure includes at least two opposite main walls, a plurality of upper and lower support bars extended between and connected to the two main walls, and two sidewalls. The main walls are each provided with at a predetermined position with at least one air opening and at two lateral ends with a first and a second connecting portion. Two ends of the upper and lower support bars are connected to the first and the second connecting portions, allowing the lens unit and the solar cell chip unit to be supported on and fixed to the upper and the lower support bars, respectively.
An arrangement including a concentrator lens and a photovoltaic solar cell for terrestrial use for generating electrical power from solar radiation including a multifunction III-V compound semiconductor solar cell with material composition and bandgaps to maximize absorption in the AM1.5 spectral region, and a thickness of one micron or greater so as to be able to produce in excess of 15 watts of DC power with conversion efficiency in excess of 37%. The concentration level of the lens is selected to optimize the efficiency of the solar cell.
A fin-type compound parabolic concentrator includes a pair of semi-parabolic reflectors arranged on opposite sides of a common plane, the reflectors having a common focal point on the plane and being rotated through an angle defined by a line extending from the apex of each reflector through the focal point. A generally arcuate bottom reflector having a center line within the common plane is connected with the semi-parabolic reflectors. A bi-facial photovoltaic absorber is arranged in the common plane and extends from the focal point to the bottom reflector for absorbing rays of sunlight directed thereon from the reflectors. The absorber has a critical angle below which rays directed thereon will be substantially absorbed and above which rays directed thereon will be substantially reflected and the bottom reflector is configured to limit the angle of rays that strike said absorber to less than said critical angle.
A solar cell concentrator structure includes a first concentrator element having a first aperture region and a first exit region including a first back surface region and a first corner region. The structure also includes a second concentrator element integrally formed with the first concentrator element. The second concentrator element includes a second aperture region and a second exit region-including a second back surface region and a second corner region. Additionally, the structure includes a first radius of curvature of 0.25 mm and less characterizing the first corner structure and the second corner structure, a first coupling region between the first exit region and a first surface region of a first photovoltaic device. The structure further includes a second radius of curvature of 0.15 mm and less characterizing a region between the first concentrator element and the second concentrator element.
A structure having: a molecule of carboxymethyl amylose (CMA) in a super-helical conformation; cyanine molecules on the exterior surface of the CMA arranged in a J-aggregate formation; and a chromophore molecule in the interior space of the CMA.
A processing liquid mixing apparatus and method capable of maintaining a mixing ratio of the processing liquid produced in a mixing tank constant, a substrate processing apparatus including the processing liquid mixing apparatus, and a storage medium storing a program for controlling the processing liquid mixing apparatus are disclosed. Discharge valves are first open and supply valves are close to discharge stock solutions to an outside through the discharge valves. After all flow rates of the stock solutions detected by LFC reach a predetermined flow rate, the discharge valves are close and the supply valves are open to supply the stock solutions to the second mixing tank through the supply valves.
The disclosure relates to a pneumatic pressure regulator for pressure adjustment of a regulating pressure in a pressure chamber with a regulator membrane which is held in force equilibrium by a regulator spring and the regulating pressure, wherein the regulator membrane is coupled with a control valve in such a way that the control valve opens or closes in dependence upon the actual regulating pressure. For increasing the stability and the constancy of the regulating pressure it is proposed to form the control valve by a dimensionally stable ball which is seated in a loaded manner by means of a spring in a conical bore which tapers in the direction of the regulator membrane and is in a housing wall which lies opposite the regulator membrane with regard to the pressure chamber, the regulator membrane having a reinforcement in the contact region with the ball, and the ball following the movement of the regulator membrane in its normal direction.
An arrangement for testing a fire suppression sprinkler system includes a supply conduit for supplying a fire suppression fluid to a plurality of sprinklers. A sensor senses a flow of fire suppression fluid through the supply conduit. A drain conduit drains fire suppression fluid when the fire suppression system is tested. A drain valve controls the flow of the fire suppression fluid so that when the fire suppression system is tested the fire suppression fluid is controlled to enter the drain conduit. A fire suppression fluid collection tank collects the fire suppression fluid which has entered the drain conduit for reintroducing the collected fire suppression fluid to the supply conduit. A circulation valve controls the flow of the fire suppression fluid so that when the fire suppression system is tested the fire suppression fluid enters the fire suppression fluid collection tank.
An apparatus and method for unclogging an obstructed conduit such as a wastewater pipe. The apparatus comprises at least one tube disposed in the drain pipe; and a fluid supply pipe for providing fluid from a fluid source, the supply pipe connected to the at least one tube that delivers the fluid to unclog the obstruction.
A method of patching a well or a pipe by hydroforming a tubular metal patch. A tool provided with a pair of inflatable packers is inserted inside the patch. The pair of inflatable packers are axially spaced apart from each other by a distance that is substantially equal to the length of the patch. The tool is positioned inside the patch so that the packers are in register with the end portions of the patch. The assembly of the tool and the patch is axially inserted inside the well or the pipe, and positioned in register with the zone for patching. The packers are inflated to a high pressure, sufficient for radially expanding the end portions of the patch and pressing them in a leak-tight manner against the wall of the well or the pipe. The packers are subsequently deflated and the tool is withdrawn. The method is applicable to the oil industry.
A rapid inflation device for connecting a forced air supply source to the air nozzle of a tire that has an air valve mounted therein for controlling input and output of air is disclosed to include a casing for connection to the air nozzle, an air intake connector rotatably mounted on the casing for the connection of the forced air supply source, and a valve pickup device for carrying the air valve away from the air nozzle to let forced air pass from the forced air supply source into the inside of the tire freely or to let tire air be discharged out of the tire through the same circulation path. By means of rotating the air intake connector forwards or backwards, the forced air supply source is connected to or disconnected from the rapid inflation device.
The invention relates to a pressure regulator with a rotatable hand wheel for setting the pressure, with which the hand wheel is provided with a detent mechanism.
A device for collecting fuel in a fuel tank of a motor vehicle having a prefilter arranged inside a swirl pot. The prefilter has a section rising from a horizontal plane and a section lying in the horizontal plane. The sections of the prefilter are produced as one piece and are connected to the swirl pot. The prefilter has an especially large surface.
An example coupling device includes a main body with a fluid passage therethrough, a first end with an opening. A receptacle member is positioned within the main body about the fluid passage, the receptacle member being sized to receive a portion of a mating coupling device that is inserted through the opening in the first end. A deformable seal member is positioned within the receptacle member, the seal member including a primary sealing surface and a secondary sealing surface to provide fluid tight seals with the mating coupling device, the primary sealing surface being positioned to engage an end of the mating coupling device, and the secondary sealing surface being positioned in a perpendicular orientation with respect to the primary sealing surface to engage a side surface of the mating coupling device.
A micropump device including a first wafer and a second wafer attached to the first wafer. The first and second wafers are configured to define a chamber therebetween having a predetermined volume. A third wafer is attached to the second wafer to define an inlet section and an outlet section in fluid communication with the chamber. At least one of the second and third wafers are formed to define a moveable diaphragm configured to change the predetermined volume of the chamber for pumping a fluid between the inlet section and the outlet section.
A plumbing test cap has a body with a bore extending from a first end which is mountable over a stub-out having a surface engagement feature. The body has a closed second end. A retainer is carried on the body for transverse movement from a first position allowing movement of the body relative to the stub-out and a second position in which the retainer is locked to the body, in turn locking the body on the stub-out.
The present invention relates to a multilayer tube comprising, in its radial direction from the outside inwards: a polyamide outer layer (1); an inner layer (2) of a composition comprising, the total being 100%, 5 to 30% by weight of a blend (A) comprising: a polyethylene carrying epoxy functional groups, an impact modifier chosen from elastomers and very low-density polyethylenes, the said impact modifier being completely or partly functionalized; 95 to 70% by weight of a blend (B) comprising: a fluoropolymer (B1), a functionalized fluoropolymer (B2), the proportion of (B2) being between 1 and 80% by weight of (A)+(B), the layers being successive and adhering to one another in their respective contact region. The inner layer is the layer in contact with the fluid being transported. The layer (2) may be conductive. It is also possible to place a polyamide layer (3) beside the layer (2), which layer becomes the inner layer. The tube of the present invention has a very low permeability to petrol, particularly to hydrocarbons and to their additives, in particular alcohols such as methanol and ethanol, or even ethers such as MTBE or ITBE. These tubes also exhibit good resistance to fuels and to lubricating oils for engines. This tube exhibits very good mechanical properties at low temperature and at high temperature. The invention also relates to the use of these tubes for transporting petrol.
An apparatus for filling containers with loose fill material, comprising an opener for opening the fill material into a separated condition suitable to be injected into the container. A blower communicates with the opener for entraining the opened fill material in a pressurized air stream, and a nozzle communicates with the blower for directing the pressurized air stream and entrained fill material into the container. An air pressure gauge operatively communicates with the pressurized air stream for determining the pressure in the air stream and an increase in air pressure indicative of a predetermined amount of fill material in the container. A flow controller communicates with the pressurized air stream for starting and stopping the injection of fill material into the container.
The invention pertains to a gas lock with a cylindrical base body fixed in the opening of a container that can be filled with bulk material, wherein the cross section of said base body essentially corresponds to the cross section of the opening in the container, with a gas supply and with at least one gas outlet that is fluidically connected to the gas supply. The gas lock features means suitable for sealing the container opening in a nearly gas-tight fashion on the lower end of the cylindrical base body, wherein said means control the quantities of bulk material and gas being introduced into the container and are realized in such a way that a gas flow is formed in the direction of the bulk material flowing into the container. These means may consist, for example, of a sealing cone.
A fluid receptacle and adapter assembly for use in fluid addition at different ones of alternatively configured fill ports of internal combustion engines is disclosed. In one embodiment, any one of a plurality of adapters may be releasably secured at one end of a receptacle having a selected volume utilizing a retainer ring. Each adapter has an adapter end that is differently configured from others for secured releasable engagement with differently designed engine fill ports, a central fluid passage therethrough remaining unobstructed after engagement of a selected one of the adapters with the receptacle. Seals are mounted for sealing between the receptacle and the selected adapter and at the engine fill port.
The tank opening-closing device is realized with a simple constitution of the opening-closing mechanism equipped with a pressure adjustment valve for regulating the internal pressure of the fuel tank. The opening-closing mechanism is equipped with a gasket provided on the opening peripheral edge part of the inlet of the tank opening forming member, the valve opening-closing mechanism for opening and closing the inlet and also regulating the internal pressure of the fuel tank, and a retraction mechanism that selectively moves the valve opening-closing mechanism to the closing position and the fueling position in conjunction with the fueling gun, The valve opening-closing mechanism has a closing position for opening and closing the inlet and a fueling position retracted from the inlet for which it is possible to supply fuel.
An adapter installs on a receiving container aperture to provide a stable base for supporting a common funnel used for transfer of material into the receiving container. Installation on the receiving container aperture is quick and stable by moving the edges of an aperture engagement portion together to allow it to fit inside the receiving container aperture, and then moving the aperture engagement portion edges apart so the outer surface of the aperture engagement portion contacts the inside diameter of the aperture. A spring or a locking mechanism force exerts a continuous outward force to maintain the adapter in the receiving container aperture. The funnel is then supported by holder rings attached to the aperture engagement portion inner surface that are engaged by the funnel stem. The rings are smaller diameter towards the lower part of the fingers to correspond to the funnel stem taper. The adapter thus provides hands-free use of the funnel.
A wood working machine is described that includes a mounting plate assembly for supporting a cutting tool, the mounting plate assembly including a base plate, first and second spaced apart intermediate plates on the base plate, and first and second guide plate elements pivotally supported on respective first and second intermediate plates, and a cutting tool support plate slidably disposed between the first and second guide plate elements, the guide plate elements including means defined therein for positioning each of the guide plate elements at selected angular intervals with respect to the respective first and second intermediate plates, whereby the cutting tool support plate is slidably movable on the base plate between the guide plate elements at a prescribed angle. The mounting plate assembly may include laser sources providing crossed laser beams for accurately positioning the tool bit of the cutting tool near a work piece, and light sources for illuminating the tool bit. A digital sensor may be included for precise positioning of the work piece held beneath the base plate on a movable carrier.
A nimble and free moving guide and support apparatus for hand-held cutting devices. The device utilizes vertical support members to maintain contact with a work surface, while a base plate maintains contact with the material to be cut. Above said base plate is mounted a cutting device, such as a router, where the cutting members of said cutting device pass through an opening in said base plate. The nimbleness and free movement of this apparatus are provided by a movement mechanism, such as a ball bearing housed at the end of the vertical support members.
The invention concerns a method and an apparatus for drum debarking of wood, the bark being removed from the wood in a debarking drum being rotatable alternatively in the opposite directions and having different debarking properties in the alternative directions of rotation thereof. According to the invention, the wood and the loosened bark along with it are guided to a bark separation dependent on the direction of rotation of the debarking drum.
A device that includes a plurality of routers, where the plurality of routers are independently positioned and can be placed in various orientations relative to the object being cut. The plurality of routers can be mounted on the same side, opposite side, or at any angle in between. The plurality of routers can also be positioned in three dimensions such that many different cuts can be made at the same time on objects of various shapes and sizes. Further, each router is easily removed from the device for handheld use, yet easily reattached to the device such that the router is returned to the same position it was in before removal. This creates a device that can make multiple cuts from multiple angles on objects of various shapes and sizes during one pass through the device.
A high-strength steel sheet comprises a metallic structure consisting of a ferrite phase and a hard second phase dispersed in the ferrite phase, the hard second phase in the metallic structure having an area ratio of 30 to 70%, and the ferrite of which grain sizes are not more than 1.2 μm having an area ratio of 15 to 90% in the ferrite phase. The term ds is an average grain size of the ferrite of which grain sizes are not more than 1.2 μm, the term dL is an average grain size of ferrite of which grain sizes are more than 1.2 μm, and the ds and the dL satisfy the following equation (1):
Methods are provided for repairing an engine component. In an embodiment, a method includes forming at least one layer of a first braze alloy mixture including about 40% by weight of a first base alloy material and about 60% by weight of a first braze alloy material, over a structural feature of the component. The first braze alloy material includes chromium, cobalt, tungsten, tantalum, aluminum, hafnium, carbon, boron, and a balance of nickel. A second braze alloy mixture is disposed over the at least one layer of the first braze alloy mixture, the second braze alloy mixture including between about 50% and about 60% by weight of a second base alloy material, and between about 40% and about 50% by weight of a second braze alloy material. The component is then subjected to heat treatment, and may be further subjected to machining, coating and final inspection.
A handbag with exchangeable components is described. Also described are fastening mechanisms for use with a removable liner and for fastening the interior liner to the exterior of the handbag. Furthermore, exchangeable exterior pieces and mechanisms for fastening such exterior pieces to the exterior portion of the handbag are described.
A golf club head cover with storage includes a cover body, a closure flap and a pocket. The cover body defines an interior cavity configured to receive a club head. A first portion of the closure flap is fixed relative to the cover body and a second portion of the closure flap is movable between a closed position and an opened position. In the closed position, the closure flap covers an opening of the interior cavity of the cover body. The pocket is disposed on the closure flap.
A golf club head cover with storage includes a cover body, a closure flap and a pocket. The cover body defines an interior cavity configured to receive a club head. A first portion of the closure flap is fixed relative to the cover body and a second portion of the closure flap is movable between a closed position and an opened position. In the closed position, the closure flap covers an opening of the interior cavity of the cover body. The pocket is disposed on the closure flap.
Provided is a pneumatic tire having improved driving stability and wear resistance on dry road surfaces as well as an improved running performance on snow. The present invention provides a pneumatic tire designed to be mounted on a vehicle so that a designated side of the tire should face to the outside of the vehicle. The pneumatic tire includes a tread portion provided with: a first main groove extending in a tire circumferential direction; a second main groove extending in the tire circumferential direction in a shoulder region closer to the center of the vehicle than the first main groove; a third main groove extending in the tire circumferential direction in a shoulder region farther from the center of the vehicle than the first main groove; and a plurality of lug grooves each extending from one shoulder side to the other shoulder side. Moreover, in the pneumatic tire, a width of a first land section defined between the first and second main grooves is set greater than a width of a second land section defined between the first and third main grooves, a plurality of inclined grooves are provided in the first land section, each inclined groove communicating with at least three of the lug grooves while being inclined to the tire circumferential direction, and one end of each inclined groove is opened to one of the lug grooves while the other end thereof is terminated within a block.
The problem of damage sustained to a traction device and the extendable traction elements thereof due to tire-roadway interaction forces exerted on the traction elements while extended over the tire tread area is solved by resiliently coupling a traction assembly within a tire rim to permit movement and repositioning of the traction assembly relative to the rim and biasing back to the original position. Preferably the traction assembly is mounted to a traction hub through a resilient coupling, and with the traction hub permitted to rotate relative to the rim. Also preferably, the invention provides for full retraction of the curved traction elements. This inventive device delivers increased traction in slippery conditions while protecting the traction device and surrounding mechanics from damage due to the impact of various roadway forces, and the devise is effectively stowed within the rim when not in use.
A run-flat pneumatic vehicle tire has at least one cross-sectionally crescent-shaped reinforcing profile incorporated in the region of each sidewall and respectively extending at least over a large part of the length of the sidewall. Bead regions with bead cores and bead profiles have at least one bead strip, arranged at least under the bead cores and forming the bead heel. The at least one bead strip, acting together with a rim seat, ensures the seating of the tire on the rim. In order to increase the static friction between the bead heel and the rim, the bead heel is formed of a soft rubber compound with a Shore A hardness of less than 70, at least radially underneath the core, on its outer surface that is facing the rim seat and rests on the rim seat.
A pneumatic tire in which lightweight of the tire and durability of a belt are highly compatible by suppressing occurrence of belt edge separation while realizing a reduction in weight of the tire is provided.
The invention concerns a method for grafting molecules of interest on a silicon substrate via a spacer compound, said grafting including at least one click chemistry reaction to the supports thus obtained as well as their uses in nanotechnologies and nanobiotechnologies, such as molecular electronics, the manufacture of biochips or of sensors.
The present invention generally relates to an automated thermal processing module that is used perform a lamination process that is used to isolate the active regions of a solar cell from the external environment. One embodiment of the present invention provides an apparatus for bonding a composite solar cell structure comprising a conveyer system configured to transfer and support the composite solar cell structure, a preheat module disposed along the conveyer system, a lamination module disposed along the conveyer system, and a system controller adapted to control the preheat module and the lamination module.
A nozzle for dispensing molten thermoplastic material includes non-circular outlets spaced apart from one another in a predetermined pattern. The nozzle may be used to dispense patterns of adhesive that form closed geometric shapes, such as for use in making hermetic seals.
The present invention discloses a pre-shrink oven and a shrink oven are located at positions where a conveyer belt travels according to a labeling process of bottles. The pre-shrink oven has adjustable steam ejection ducts at two sides thereof. The shrink oven has steam nozzles at two sides. The steam generators are located at the periphery of the shrink oven to generate and deliver steam of different pressures through pipes to the adjustable steam ejection ducts of the pre-shrink oven and the steam nozzles of the shrink oven. When the steam is delivered to the pre-shrink oven heated air passes through apertures of the steam tube to partially preheat and shrink a shrink film without dropping before a final shrinking process is finished. Steam delivered through the steam nozzles can shrink the shrink film securely on bottle bodies of the bottles.
In a method of manufacturing an optical waveguide using a flat die having a groove therein, the method includes: (a) forming a first cladding sheet on a base substrate; (b) placing the first cladding sheet and the base substrate on the flat die such that the first cladding sheet faces the groove of the flat die; (c) filling the groove with a liquid resin and then curing the liquid resin, thereby forming a mirror support on the first cladding sheet; (d) removing the flat die from the first cladding sheet; (e) forming a metal reflection film on the mirror support; (f) forming a core sheet on the first cladding sheet such that the core sheet covers the mirror support that is formed with the metal reflection film; (g) forming a second cladding sheet on the core sheet; and (h) removing the base substrate from the first cladding sheet.
A method of making a data carrier medium comprising a first carrier layer and a graphical inscription on said first carrier layer and constituted, for example, by a text, by a photograph, or by digital data. The method comprises the steps consisting in performing the graphical inscription by depositing at least one metal lithographic deposition of metal on the first carrier layer, in supplying the first carrier layer made of a transparent material, and further in placing a second carrier layer made of a transparent material in superposition on the first carrier layer so as to protect the graphical inscription.
A labeling apparatus for continuously labeling containers with printed labels from a continuous roll of backing material includes a continuous release liner web of backing material in roll form. The continuous release liner web of backing material has a plurality of labels adhered thereon at spaced-apart label regions using a pressure sensitive adhesive. The continuous release liner web of backing material is configured to allow the labels to be removed therefrom without damaging the labels. A feeding mechanism is configured to continuously dispense the continuous release liner web of backing material with the labels adhered thereon. A peel plate includes a peeling edge over which the continuous release liner web of backing material is drawn by the feeding mechanism. The edge of the peel plate has a shape that promotes a leading edge of the labels to loosen from the continuous release liner web of backing material as the corresponding label region is drawn over the peeling edge. A vacuum roller includes channels extending inwardly from a periphery of the vacuum roller. The channels are in communication with a vacuum source. The vacuum roller is arranged and configured (i) to engage a label at its leading edge prior to a leading edge of the label being loosened from the continuous release liner web of backing material by being drawn over the peeling edge of the peel plate and (ii) to capture the label and direct the label from the continuous release liner web of backing material to a periphery of a container as the vacuum roller rotates by overcoming the bond between the pressure sensitive adhesive and the continuous release liner web of backing material through use of a negative pressure applied to the label through at least some of the channels in communication with the vacuum source.
A kit that includes an exothermic structure, at least two pressure-sensitive adhesive structures, and an air-impermeable bag is used to make an exothermic structure having at least two pressure-sensitive adhesive structures. The exothermic structure includes a pouch having an air-permeable side and an air-impermeable side, and an exothermic composition. The adhesive structures each comprise a base, an adhesive layer, and a cover in this order. To make the exothermic structure, parts of the covers are peeled off to expose parts of surfaces of the adhesive layers, and then the exposed adhesive layers are adhered to ends of the air-permeable side of the exothermic structure.
The method for manufacturing a multilayer optical recording medium of the invention includes a plurality of signal recording layers in the signal recording and reading side, an interlayer of a resin layer between the signal recording layers, and a transparent protection layer with a thickness of 10 μm to 150 μm as an outermost layer. The multilayer optical recording medium has a clamp area corresponding to a region inside of the signal recording region, wherein the clamp area ranges in diameter from a diameter of 23 mm to the inner diameter of the signal recording region. The method includes: preparing a substrate having the signal recording layers in the main surface side in the signal recording and reading side and projections in a region in the inner side than a diameter of 22 mm, wherein the height difference between the height at a diameter of 23 mm and the height at a diameter of 21 mm is 20 μm or lower; preparing a stamper; applying a radiation-curable resin for the interlayer from the inner side than the clamp area of at least one of the substrate and the stamper; laminating the substrate and the stamper to sandwich the radiation-curable resin between the substrate and the stamper; curing the radiation-curable resin; and separating the stamper from the substrate to obtain a radiation-curable resin layer after the curing as the interlayer on the substrate.
A kit and method that converts dog nose smudges deposited on a first surface into a form of dog nose art on a second surface.
The invention relates to a water-based coating for lottery applications. The coating is a primer coating that is applied onto a foil layer of a lottery document that allows for the printing of an indicia image for purposes of a lottery game. The coating comprises a composition of an acrylic emulsion polymer such as Joncryl HR 1620, water, a mineral oil defoamer such as BYK-035, a finely micronized polypropylene wax such as Micropro 440W, and an acrylic emulsion binder such as Joncryl 624. The coating has low levels of volatile organic compounds and no known carcinogens. In addition, the coating still meets the specifications of the lottery and gaming industry.
The present invention provides a method of making a mouse pad, which mainly includes heating and pressing a fiber fabric on a surface of the mouse pad to form the fiber fabric with a flat layer and a fiber layer, and then printing pattern on the flat layer of the fiber fabric to get the mouse pad with a clear pattern.
A method of forming a laminated body includes a first lamination step of forming a preceding lamination sheet which is substantially treated as one green sheet by laminating and bonding at least two green sheets out of a plurality of green sheets with predetermined pattern printed thereon; a printing step of printing a predetermined pattern on the preceding lamination sheet and at least one non-preceding lamination sheet which is a not used for forming the preceding lamination sheet; and a second lamination step of laminating and bonding the preceding lamination sheet and non-preceding lamination sheet, on which the predetermined pattern is printed in the printing step, in a predetermined order.
An electric motor, transformer or inductor having a cooling system. A stack of laminations have apertures at least partially coincident with apertures of adjacent laminations. The apertures define straight or angled cooling-fluid passageways through the lamination stack. Gaps between the adjacent laminations are sealed by injecting a heat-cured sealant into the passageways, expelling excess sealant, and heat-curing the lamination stack. Manifold members adjoin opposite ends of the lamination stack, and each is configured with one or more cavities to act as a manifold to adjacent passageway ends. Complex manifold arrangements can create bidirectional flow in a variety of patterns.
Disclosed are compositions that comprise vinylarylalkylene ethers of cyclodextrins optionally containing ether-linked adhesion-promoting groups, in combination with copolymerizable monomer or monomers. The copolymerizable monomer or monomers may include vinylarylalkylene ethers of oligohydroxy compounds (for example, sorbitol divinylbenzyl ether and others). The composition further may include stabilizers (for example, 1,3,5-trimethyl-2,4,6-tris(3,5-di-(tert)-butyl-4-hydroxybenzyl)benzene and others), and polymerization initiators (for example, phenylbis[2,4,6-trimethylbenzoyl]phosphine oxide and others) and reinforcing materials (for example, imogolite). Methods of preparing the compositions as well as the components of compositions and methods for their use in dental and other applications are also disclosed.
Methods and apparatus for processing substrates are provided herein. In some embodiments, an apparatus for processing a substrate may include a process chamber having an inner volume and an exhaust system coupled thereto, wherein the exhaust system includes a plurality of first conduits, each first conduit having an inlet adapted to receive exhaust from the inner volume of the process chamber. A pumping plenum is coupled to each of the plurality of first conduits. The pumping plenum has a pumping port adapted to pump the exhaust from the chamber. The conductance between each inlet of the plurality of first conduits and the pumping port is substantially equivalent.
A plasma processing chamber having a lowered flow equalizer and a lower chamber liner. In an etching process, the processing gases may be unevenly drawn from the processing chamber which may cause an uneven etching of the substrate. By equalizing the flow of the processing gases evacuated from the chamber, a more uniform etching may occur. By electrically coupling the flow equalizer to the chamber liners, the RF return path from the flow equalizer may run along the chamber liners and hence, reduce the amount of plasma drawn below the substrate during processing.
A plasma jet device, comprising a dielectric container comprising a gas inlet and a plasma jet outlet, and an electrode. The electrode, which is completely covered by dielectric material, is inserted into the dielectric container and connected to the power supply. The dielectric material is in the form of a hollow tube with one end closed and another end opened. The power supply is connected to the electrode from the open end of the dielectric material. The dielectric material can also be a coated dielectric layer, which covers the electrode completely except one end for connecting to the power supply. A grounding electrode can be added downstream, outside the dielectric container or the nozzle. There also can be multiple electrodes inside the dielectric container arranged in a row or multiple rows, or in the shape of a circle or disk.
The various embodiments provide apparatus and methods of removal of unwanted deposits near the bevel edge of substrates to improve process yield. The embodiments provide apparatus and methods with center and edge gas feeds as additional process knobs for selecting a most suitable bevel edge etching processes to push the edge exclusion zone further outward towards the edge of substrates. Further the embodiments provide apparatus and methods with tuning gas(es) to change the etching profile at the bevel edge and using a combination of center and edge gas feeds to flow process and tuning gases into the chamber. Both the usage of tuning gas and location of gas feed(s) affect the etching characteristics at bevel edge. Total gas flow, gap distance between the gas delivery plate and substrate surface, pressure, and types of process gas(es) are also found to affect bevel edge etching profiles.
The invention relates to an apparatus for applying labels to containers. In one embodiment according to the invention, the process of applying the labels to the container is carried out by means of a laser unit. In another embodiment according to the invention, a cutting unit is provided for the apparatus, which cutting unit likewise uses a laser and is arranged at least partially inside a cutting roller. In preferred embodiments, the complete application process, i.e. in particular including the bonding of the end sections of the label, is carried out by means of the laser unit.
Folding partitions and related methods and components are provided and may include accordion-style folding doors or partitions having multiple folding panels. In one embodiment, a folding partition includes one or more baffling devices. The baffling device may include an elongated enclosure having a first opening proximate a first longitudinal end of the elongated enclosure, a second opening proximate a second longitudinal end of the elongated enclosure, and a flow path extending from the first opening to the second opening. A sound attenuation chamber may be disposed adjacent the at least one insulative channel disposed adjacent at least a portion of the flow path. In one embodiment, the baffling device may be disposed in, or otherwise associated with, a jamb component of the partition. In another embodiment, the baffling device may be disposed in, or otherwise associated with, the hinged connection of panel sections of a partition panel.
A cord guide system for extending the life of cords in a covering for an architectural opening provides long wear surfaces made of metal or ceramic which can be retrofitted into existing cord lock systems or molded into the system. The invention provides such long wear surfaces that can be used with different cord drive systems each of which permit an operator of a covering to manipulate the covering between extended and retracted positions while locking the covering in any position between fully extended and fully retracted. Cord guide surfaces are preferably made of metal or ceramic which are harder than conventional base materials used in cord lock systems and further have higher melting temperatures than either the base material for the cord lock system or the polyester cords conventionally used in coverings for architectural openings. In this manner, wear of the cord lock itself is minimized which in turn minimizes the wear of the lift cords and extends the life thereof.
A method of dividing a suspension, especially a fiber suspension into an accept fraction and a fraction containing impurity particles in a centrifugal cleaning plant having at least two stages. The suspension is fed to a preceding stage, wherefrom a heavier fraction of the suspension is taken as accept fraction and a lighter fraction is taken as fraction containing impurity particles. The lighter fraction containing impurity particles is fed into a latter stage of the centrifugal cleaning plant. Before being fed to the latter stage, the feed consistency of the lighter fraction is increased.
The present invention provides a paper product having at least one ply, wherein only one outer surface of said tissue paper has a polyhydroxy compound and a lotion applied thereto.
A water-soluble interjacent complex that includes a first water-soluble polymer and one or more water-soluble monomers polymerized to form a second water-soluble polymer in the presence of the first water-soluble polymer. The water-soluble interjacent complex forms a solution in water that is free of insoluble polymer particles. The interjacent complexes may be used to treat a waste sludge by adding an effective amount thereof to the waste sludge. The interjacent complexes may also be used in making paper by adding an effective amount thereof to a pulp or a forming sheet at a suitable location on a paper making machine. The interjacent complexes may further be used as a rheology modifier in aqueous systems by adding an effective amount thereof to an aqueous medium to effect a desired viscosity, rheology, or flow curve property.
A method of modifying starch with metal silicates, and the use of the modified starch in the preparation of cellulosic fiber compositions. The method further relates to cellulosic fiber compositions, such as paper and paperboard, which incorporate the starch modified with metal silicates.
A method and system for determining chip pressure in a vessel containing a slurry of lignocellulosic material including: sensing a total static pressure of the slurry in the vessel; sensing a hydrostatic pressure of the liquor in the vessel, and determining the chip pressure based on a difference of the sensed total static pressure of the slurry and the sensed hydrostatic pressure of the liquor.
An improved method for making compressed structural fiberboard by extruding agricultural fibrous matter into said compressed structural fiberboard. The improved method of the present invention includes providing a preselected volume of agricultural fibrous matter and preconditioning the agricultural fibrous matter to have a predetermined moisture level therein. The agricultural fibrous matter is separated and cleaned, and steam is added to the agricultural fibrous matter until a predetermined level of moisture is reached within the agricultural fibrous matter. A predetermined level of borax is also added to the agricultural fibrous matter to prevent the formation of bacteria within the agricultural fibrous matter. The agricultural fibrous matter is conveyed throughout the process on conveyors having variable drives, wherein the level of the agricultural fibrous matter on the conveyors is sensed such that a signal is provided to the variable drives to adjust the speed of the conveyors in order to provide a predetermined level of agricultural fibrous matter. The agricultural fibrous matter is then extruded to form a compressed structural fiberboard.
A blade for creping a paper web from a dryer surface is provided, said blade having a sliding surface facing the dryer surface during use of the blade, a web impact surface upon which the paper web impacts during creping, and a working apex formed between the sliding surface and the web impact surface, wherein the working apex is located no more than 30 percent of the total blade thickness away from a neutral fiber of the blade. Preferably, the working apex of the inventive creping blade is located at or close to the neutral fiber of the blade. A method for manufacturing the blade is also disclosed.
A control method for supplying an inert gas from an inert gas source to a storage container for a molten metal through a gas feed path provided with a flow sensor for monitoring the gas flow rate and a solenoid valve for opening and closing the gas feed path for use with metal molding. The control method comprises; turning off the solenoid valve at a temperature of the storage container is equal to or lower than a preset temperature, and turning off the flow sensor; turning on the solenoid valve at the temperature of the storage container has reached the preset temperature, and turning on the flow sensor; and stopping the output of the heater of the storage container when a flow rate of the inert gas is equal to or lower than the preset amount; these steps are controlled in accordance with a command signal from a controller.
A method for measuring the effects of fouling of heat transfer tubes in heat exchangers where a cooling fluid at lower temperature is removing heat from another fluid at higher temperature includes placing a nonrestrictive mass flow rate and temperature measuring tube extension sensor on a tube outlet end; obtaining the tube inlet temperature for deriving the rise in fluid temperature; analytically computing the amount of heat transferred from the hot fluid to the cold fluid; from tube length, inside and outside tube diameter, analytically deriving the tube heat transfer coefficient; and determining tube fouling factor, the value of which is the fraction of the clean tube heat transfer coefficient available for transferring heat, by dividing the heat transfer coefficient by the known heat transfer coefficient of an unfouled tube.
A heat sink is disposed on a heat source and is made by thermal conductive material. In the heat sink is defined a vacuum airtight space. A thermal conductive material and a volatile liquid are filled in the airtight space, and a plurality of radiating fins is equidistantly arranged on an outer surface of the heat sink. Such arrangements can perform a heat exchange quickly and efficiently, and the shape of the heat sink can be changed freely.
A heat exchanger comprises a plurality of heat exchange tubes inserted into a cleaning device. The cleaning device has the effect of movably scraping the dirt or dust accumulated in an outer side of each heat exchange tube, and a watering device is provided for spraying water to lower the temperature of the heat exchange tubes and to clean the heat exchange tubes. The cleaning device cooperates with the watering device to scrap the dirt or dust accumulated in the heat exchange tubes, clean and lower the temperature of the heat exchange tubes, so as to prevent the dirt or dust from being accumulated in the heat exchange tubes, improve the radiating effect of the heat exchange tubes and save the energy.
A pyrolytic decomposition apparatus mainly comprising: an inlet system for incorporating an object; a pyrolysis system having at least one heating chamber and a heating means which pyrolytically decomposing the object within incorporated from the inlet system; a recovery and cooling system which recovers a part of the gas generated due to the pyrolytic decomposition as an oil component through a pipe; and a gas temperature adjusting system, which makes heat exchange between a part of the gas from the recovery system and a part of the gas from pyrolysis system to allow the pyrolytically decomposed gas at a prescribed temperature for flowing into the pyrolysis system is disclosed. The apparatus is characterized in that said apparatus has a nonflammable gas supply means which supply a nonflammable gas into the pyrolytically decomposed gas as a carrier gas circulated with the apparatus.
A liquid distribution system for an evaporative heat rejection system that includes a heat transfer surface is disclosed. The liquid distribution system includes a plurality of liquid conduits adapted to transport liquid for distribution over the heat transfer surface, and each liquid conduit having at least one orifice. At least a first orifice in a first conduit and a second orifice in a second conduit are positioned such that when the liquid is transported under a predetermined pressure thought the conduits, the liquid is emitted from the first and second orifices in first and second streams, respectively, that collide at a collision site, thus causing liquid to be scattered from the collision site and distributed over the heat transfer surface.
A cooler includes a main body provided with a water tank for storing cooling water. The water tank is disposed therein with a water pump connected with a water pipe having its rear end provided with a spray pipe. At least one air-cooling radiating device is assembled in the main body, provided with cooling fins. A fan is fixed at an outer side of the main body. At least one wind intake is disposed at a side of the main body. At least one cooling pipe has its upper bent portion passing through the cooling fins and its lower bent portion positioned above the water tank. At least one water-blocking device abutting the air-cooling radiating device is provided with sloping plates, having air current passageways formed between sloping plates. At least one water-cooling radiating device is provided with cooling material and at least one dripping plate with many water holes.
A flat tube for a heat exchanger having a stack of such flat tubes. The flat tube has a plurality of spaced-apart dimples formed on each of its opposite faces. At least some of the dimples on each face have an elongate plan shape, at least some of the elongate dimples being obliquely oriented such that their major axes form oblique angles with a longitudinal axis of the tube. The obliquely oriented elongate dimples are positioned such that when two of the tubes are stacked, the obliquely oriented elongate dimples on opposing faces of the tubes contact one another and the major axes of each contacting pair of elongate dimples are non-parallel to each other. Each contacting pair of elongate dimples of adjacent tubes thus forms a “cross” or “X”.
A combined assembly of a fixing base and heat pipes includes a fixing base and at least one heat pipe. The fixing base has a plate body. The bottom surface of the plate body is formed with a transverse opening trough. The opening trough is provided with a through-hole penetrating the plate body. A longitudinal groove is provided in the opening trough at a position corresponding to that of the through-hole. One end of the longitudinal groove does not penetrate the plate body and is formed into a loose-proof section on the bottom section of the opening trough. The heat pipe has a heat-absorbing section and a heat-releasing section. The heat-releasing section penetrates to the outside of the through-hole, and the heat-absorbing section is accommodated in the opening trough. A portion of the heat-absorbing section is inserted into the longitudinal groove and stopped by the loose-proof section, and the other portion thereof is formed with a plane that is in flush with the bottom surface of the plate body. Via the above arrangement, the fixing base can be combined with the heat pipes firmly and tightly.
A heat exchanger for exchanging heat between gasses such as air and a liquid or gaseous coolant has narrow spacing between exchanger surfaces for high efficiency. To avoid undue obstruction of gas flow due to ice buildup on the exchanger surfaces, the heat exchanger is equipped with sensors to monitor the gas flow and an actuator that widens the spacing between exchanger surfaces such that gas flow remains unimpeded. Embodiments provide for defrosting of the exchanger surfaces when an limit on spacing of exchanger surfaces is reached, and for relaxing the spacing to the original narrow spacing when defrosting is completed.
A system for cooling of electronic equipment enclosures, the system includes: enclosures with front and rear doors for holding assemblages of electronics; front and rear heat exchangers housed within each of the front and rear doors, respectively; a series of separate supply lines configured with control valves and flow control sensors that provide liquid coolant to each of the heat exchangers; a series of separate return lines configured with temperature sensors for exiting coolant from each of the heat exchangers; separate air purging valves for each of the supply and return lines; a series of spray shields for preventing coolant leaks from entering an inlet airflow, and to protect the assemblages of electronics from coolant leaks; wherein the control valves are actuated by a controller in response to readings from the temperature and flow control sensors to separately control coolant flow to each of the front and rear heat exchangers.
A household appliance for the care of laundry items, which heating apparatus is embodied for generating heat by combusting gaseous media and has a device for supplying the gaseous medium to a burner, wherein a means is provided which is thermally coupled to the burner and the device and is embodied for changing a temperature of the device in order to control the flow of the medium through the device, in particular the metering unit of the device. The invention also relates to a method for operating a heating apparatus for a household appliance for the care of laundry items, in particular a gas laundry dryer.
A hydrocarbon production apparatus comprises an injection well, perforated casing, hydrocarbon viscosity reducing fluid injection tubing, a first wellbore restrictor, and a production well. The injection well is bored above the production well within a hydrocarbon reservoir below a ground surface. The injection well comprises a heel end and a toe end. The perforated casing is positioned along a length of the injection well. The hydrocarbon viscosity reducing fluid injection tubing is disposed within the injection well and has a hydrocarbon viscosity reducing fluid injection end. The first wellbore restrictor is transversely disposed within the perforated casing to control hydrocarbon viscosity reducing fluid flow along the injection well, the first wellbore restrictor being spaced closer to the toe end of the injection well than the hydrocarbon viscosity reducing fluid injection end of the hydrocarbon viscosity reducing fluid injection tubing is to the toe end. The first wellbore restrictor is movable through the injection well under control from the ground surface. This apparatus allows the propagation of, for example, the steam chamber in a steam assisted gravity drainage operation to be precisely controllable and adjustable, in order to more efficiently produce hydrocarbons from the hydrocarbon reservoir.
A control system for a subsurface safety valve references the surrounding annulus to put the operating piston in pressure balance. Depending on the configuration and which seal in the system fails, the various embodiments can differ in their failure modes. With the lower end of the piston exposed to annulus pressure all failure modes close the flapper. With the lower end of the piston exposed to tubing pressure, failure of any of the seals except one will result in flapper closure.
A downhole drill string component is disclosed comprising a substantially cylindrical cage with a hollow bore. An inner diameter of the cage is slideably connectable to a mandrel. A stab connection originates from one end of the cage and a plurality of downhole drill string instruments is circumferentially disposed around an outer diameter of the cage.
A wiper plug release tool uses a first pump down plug that lands in the tool to pressurize an internal chamber to slide a sleeve that undermines a set of dogs to allow the lower wiper plug to be decoupled from support. The shifting of this sleeve cams a second set of dogs into an internal passage in the tool to act as a landing location for a second pump down plug. Landing the second pump down plug on the now extended dogs allows a net pressure to be applied to an upper piston which shifts a sleeve to release the support for the second wiper plug. The upper piston remains in pressure balance unless the second pump down plug can be landed on the dogs that only extended because the sleeve that released the lower wiper plug had shifted.
A technique facilitates the detection and measurement of formation properties with various measurement devices, such as logging tools. The technique comprises locating a standard tubular in a well such that the standard tubular extends to a zone of interest with respect to a logging procedure. A transparent tubing is attached to the standard tubing so as to extend along the zone of interest. Additionally, a protective material is directed to the region adjacent the transparent tubing to protect the transparent tubing from detrimental contact with deleterious well fluid.
A system and a method for recovering hydrocarbons from a reservoir containing hydrocarbons, by in-situ combustion. The system includes a primary liquid production wellbore having a substantially horizontal primary production length extending through the reservoir, a vent well in fluid communication with the reservoir at a venting position which is relatively higher in the reservoir than the primary production length, an injector apparatus in fluid communication with the reservoir along an injection line in the reservoir which is relatively higher in the reservoir than the primary production length and relatively lower in the reservoir than the venting position, and an injection gas source connected with the injector apparatus. The method includes providing the system, injecting an injection gas containing oxygen into the reservoir to cause combustion of hydrocarbons contained in the reservoir, producing hydrocarbon liquid from the primary liquid production wellbore, and venting combustion gases from the vent well.
A downhole fluid sample container includes a fluid sample container detachably coupled to a downhole sub, the fluid sample container having an internal chamber for receiving the downhole fluid. At least one semimetal (for example, silicon or germanium) window is coupled to the fluid sample container, the window being substantially transparent to electromagnetic energy wavelengths within a selected band. A method includes transmitting electromagnetic energy from an electromagnetic energy source to downhole fluid through at least one semimetal window in a container, receiving an electromagnetic energy response with a spectrometer, and estimating the downhole fluid property based at least in part on the electromagnetic energy response.
The present invention includes methods and compositions that include a composition comprising a high alumina cement; a salt comprising at least one salt selected from the group consisting of an acidic salt, a neutral salt, and a low basicity salt; and a swellable clay; and methods of using that composition in subterranean formations.
A junction includes a borehole casing having a window therein; a diverter disposed within the casing and aligned and oriented with the window, the diverter having at least one profile along a longitudinal edge thereof; and a hanger assembly having a window therein, the window having an edge receivable by the at least one profile, the profile supporting the hanger assembly and method.
Method and apparatus for producing a bubble curtain with a diversity of bubble diameters for purposes such as suppressing surface-related multiple reflections in marine seismic surveys. Bubble generating elements are used that combine porous wall material with discrete holes.
A plunger lift system has a bumper and a landing positioned in tubing below a safety valve of a well. A plunger moving between the bumper and landing lifts columns of liquid above the plunger when pushed by downhole pressure. A valve on the plunger's housing is movable between open and closed positions to either permit or prevent flow through the plunger. When the plunger engages the landing, a striker rod on the landing opens the valve permitting fluid communication through the plunger to a sales line at the surface. The valve is biased to the closed position to prevent fluid communication through the plunger. When the plunger is disengaged from the striker rod, the valve closes so that application of downhole pressure can again move the plunger uphole. A controller cycles the plunger between the bumper and the landing by controlling fluid flow in the well.
A technique is provided for preventing buckling of a service tool assembly during a sand control operation in a wellbore. A completion assembly and a service tool assembly are positioned in a wellbore. An anti-buckling mechanism is positioned to limit the buckling load effects that can otherwise be experienced by the service tool assembly during the sand control operation.
A rig for wellbore operations which has a rig floor, at least one mat on the rig floor, and energizing apparatus in or on the at least one mat for energizing wave-energizable apparatus on an item movable with respect to the rig. This abstract is provided to comply with the rules requiring an abstract which will allow a searcher or other reader to quickly ascertain the subject matter of the technical disclosure and is submitted with the understanding that it will not be used to interpret or limit the scope or meaning of the claims, 37 C.F.R. 1.72(b).
A completion assembly has a packer for isolation and indicating shoulders incorporated into a sleeve mounted uphole of the packer. Locating the indicating shoulders above the packer allows them to be larger than placement below the packer where the assembly generally has to neck down to permit operations such as gravel packing. Placement above the packer makes the indicating shoulders less restrictive to subsequent production flow or for passage of tools further down the wellbore.
A method and apparatus for a moving a floor structure relative to a base structure is provided. The apparatus includes a base structure having an opening for a well head, a floor structure coupled to the base structure by a plurality of support members, and a drive mechanism disposed on the floor structure, the drive mechanism providing motive force to the support members for moving the floor structure relative to the base structure in a single first direction.
A removable horseshoe clip for temporarily placement on a horseshoe during the fitment process to secure the horseshoe against slipping or rotational movement during nailing, and method of use. The removable horseshoe clip includes an inner retaining clip sized to engage the inner peripheral edge of a horseshoe, a broad base for seating against the bottom surface of the horseshoe, and an outer retaining clip adapted to abut the outer peripheral edge of a horseshoe and the outer surface of a hoof wall.
A fire extinguisher includes a container having a chamber for receiving a dry chemical agent, a cover attached to the container and having a passage for allowing the dry chemical agent to flow out of the cover, and an agitating device received in the container for agitating the dry chemical agent and for preventing the dry extinguishing agent from being hardened. A rod is rotatably received in the container and extended out of the container and includes an agitator, and a hand wheel is secured to the rod for rotating the rod and the agitator relative to the container. A carrier is rotatably attached to a seat for supporting the container and for adjustably securing the container to the seat at selected angular positions.
The invention has the advantage that all devices required for the extinguishing of fire, like extinguishing agent container, power supply unit, evaluation electronics, are able to be inserted with low space requirement in a quick and reliable manner into a casing according to the sense of the present document.
An arrangement for testing a fire suppression sprinkler system includes a conduit for supplying a flow of fire suppression fluid to at least one sprinkler. A sensor is configured to sense the flow of the fire suppression fluid to the at least one sprinkler. The sensor has a first condition indicative of a predetermined volume of flow of the suppression fluid to the at least one sprinkler and a second condition indicative of a volume of flow of the fire suppression fluid to the at least one sprinkler less than the predetermined volume of flow. An actuator causes the sensor to be in the first condition or the second condition. A signaler provides an indication to a user that the sensor is in at least one of the first condition and the second condition.
The invention is a land clearing rake that is typically mounted on a moldboard on a conventional bulldozer. The land clearing rake pivots about a shaft that is horizontally connected to the front of the moldboard. The rake is comprised of teeth connected to each other by heavy-duty plates between each of the teeth. The teeth may be arranged in one or more sections wherein the sections can be simultaneously raised or lowered by winches mounted on the moldboard. The winches are remotely controlled from the operator's seat. Thus, the land clearing rake is capable of being quickly raised or lowered by the operator while the earth moving equipment is moving back to prepare for another forward move. The ability to quickly transition between raking and grading modes significantly improves the efficiency of land clearing operations.
A soil spreading scraper device comprises a cutting blade for cutting a top layer of soil from the ground, a kicker for throwing the cut soil rearward from the cutting blade, and an impeller member rotatable within a plane of rotation extending upward and rearward from the cutting blade for capturing the soil thrown by the kicker and spreading the cut soil generally radially outward relative to an axis of rotation of the impeller. A gearbox which receives power from a power takeoff of a towing vehicle directly drives the rotation of the impeller member in the preferred embodiment. The blades of the impeller members may include recessed portions adjacent the impeller axis in some embodiments to encourage soil being received in the impeller member even at higher rates of rotation, for example in the range of 250 to 320 RPM.
A method and software product for controlling a percussion device belonging to a rock-drilling machine, and a percussion device. The impact frequency of the percussion device is set so that the percussion device forms a new compression stress wave to the tool always when reflected waves from the previous compression stress waves reach a first end of the tool. This requires that the impact frequency be set proportional to the propagation time of the stress wave, whereby the length of the used tool and the propagation velocity of the stress wave in the tool material are to be noted.
A vibration generator for a vibration pile driver has imbalance masses that can rotate and which are disposed on shafts. The rotational position of the imbalance masses can be adjusted relative to one another. A control and regulation circuit is provided, which has the following components: a memory unit for storing ground composition data sets or task-specific default data sets with defined operational characteristic variables; sensors for continuous detection of the defined operational characteristic variables; an evaluation unit for comparing the operational characteristic variables that are determined with the operational characteristic variables of the selected default data set; a regulation device for regulating the vibration generator; and a control device for controlling the means for adjusting the rotational position of the imbalance masses relative to one another. The vibration generator is part of a vibration pile driver.
A speed adjustment mechanism for a power tool is disclosed. The mechanism includes a support, a first toothed gear for rotation by means of an adjustment dial, and a second toothed gear rotatable by means of the first toothed gear and connected to a potentiometer which is connected to a speed control circuit. Limited movement of the first and second toothed gears relative to each other is possible to reduce transmission of impacts from the adjustment dial to the speed control circuit.
A hammer drill having an outer housing defining a handle is disclosed. The tool includes transmission housing including a drive mechanism and a motor, wherein the transmission housing is moveably mounted in the outer housing by means of arms for movement relative to the outer housing along a non-linear path between a first position, corresponding to no force being applied by a user to the outer housing of the tool, and a second position, corresponding to the user applying a force to the outer housing when the working member of the tool engages a workpiece. Springs bias the transmission housing towards the first position. The direction of travel of the drive mechanism relative to the outer housing at a particular point on the non-linear path is arranged to coincide with the direction of the dominant vibration occurring in the drive mechanism relative to the outer housing when a particular force is applied to the outer housing to move the drive mechanism relative to the outer housing to that point on the non-linear path against the biasing force of the biasing means.
The present invention is an operatively connectable hammer tool that is sole-operated by an electric-hammer. The said invention is to forcibly guide the drive cleat in the joining of two rectangular sheet metal ducts. Wherein the slot having parallel sides with horizontal restrictions operatively connectable to an electric hammer as means of forcibly guiding the drive-cleat, Where as the slot having two parallel sides with cross-drilled openings as means to connect the said invention to the said drive cleat, using vibrations energized by an electric hammer to hook and drag, removing the said drive cleat.
A childproof electrical outlet faceplate with hinged cover doors includes a rectangular frame for covering an electrical outlet with a pair of sockets. The frame has an opening in its center through which a screw is extended to attach the faceplate to the outlet. The faceplate is similar in size to a standard faceplate and is installed in place of it and includes two hinged cover doors fitting over the respective sockets. These cover doors are opened and closed by means of a spring activated locking bar. The faceplate also has a disguised flip door located at the right side bottom of the faceplate. When the flip door is open it gives access to a dummy spring button which, when pushed, does not open the cover doors. Rather, there is another upward spring button which, when pushed by someone's finger, moves a vertically moving slide that catches and releases hooks for the hinged cover doors from a locking bar.
An electrical conduit having a flexible metal tubular structure having an outer sheathing and an interior hollow area. An electrical conductor is housed in the interior hollow area. A visible indicia is applied to the outer sheathing and extends along at least a portion of the metal tubular structure where the visible indicia corresponds to at least one characteristic of the conduit or electrical conductor housed therein.
The present invention provides a bonding wire improved in formability of a ball part, improved in bondability, good in loop controllability, improved in bonding strength of a wedge connection, securing industrial production ability as well, and mainly comprised of copper which is more inexpensive than gold wire, that is, provides a bonding wire for a semiconductor device comprised of a bonding wire having a core material having copper as its main ingredient and a surface covering layer over the core material and of a conductive metal of a composition different from the core material, characterized in that the surface covering layer has as its main ingredients two or more types of metals selected from gold, palladium, platinum, rhodium, silver, and nickel and the surface covering layer has a concentration gradient of one or both of a main ingredient metal or copper in the wire radial direction.
Transparent conductors with nanowires having silver oxide complexes and methods for fabricating such transparent conductors are provided. In one exemplary embodiment, a transparent conductor comprises a substrate and a transparent conductive coating disposed overlying the substrate. The coating comprises silver nanowires at least a portion of which has a silver oxide complex formed on or within surfaces thereof.
A printed circuit board includes a base and a signal trace laid on the base. The signal trace includes a plurality of straight line segments parallel to the first fibers. The signal trace is laid on the base in such a manner that the line segments of the signal trace mapped on the base partly superpose the first fibers and partly superpose gaps between two adjacent first fibers.
An electrode substrate of the present invention includes a first conductive layer made of a first conductive material and a second conductive layer made of a second conductive material formed on a transparent base material, wherein the first conductive layer is formed on the transparent base material, the second conductive layer is formed on the transparent base material to cover the first conductive layer, both the first conductive layer and the second conductive layer form a fine wiring pattern, the second conductive layer has a width not less than 1.5 times and not more than 300 times that of the first conductive layer, and the second conductive material has a light transmissivity higher than that of the first conductive material, and a conductivity lower than that of the first conductive material.
The present invention relates to an inorganic powder having a frequency-size distribution with multiple peaks, wherein the peaks are present at least in the particle size regions from 0.2 to 2 μm and from 2 to 63 μm, preferably with the maximum particle size being 63 μm or less, the average particle size being from 4 to 30 μm, and the mode size being from 2 to 35 μm. The inorganic powder of the present invention is useful as a filler for a high thermally conductive member in electronic component-mounted circuit board required to have electrical insulating property and heat radiating performance, in that a heat radiating member comprising the powder can have thermal conductivity, the powder can provide a resin composition having excellent withstand voltage characteristics for forming an insulative composition into a thin film and can be filled in the resin composition at a high density so as to improve heat radiating performance of the resin composition.
An embodiment of a flexible printed wiring board includes: a base layer comprising one surface and the other surface, the one surface being exposed; a signal layer formed on the other surface of the base layer; a cover layer stacked on the base layer to cover the signal layer; and a ground layer coated on the cover layer to cover the signal layer, the ground layer comprising a conductive paste in which metal powder and metal nanoparticles are mixed.
A multilayer wiring board includes a multilayer wiring substrate having a concave portion which accommodates an electronic component. The multilayer wiring substrate has multiple insulation layers, multiple conductive circuits, multiple vias and an electromagnetic shielding layer. The conductive circuits are separated by the insulation layers and electrically connected through the vias. The electromagnetic shielding layer has a roughened surface and formed along one of a bottom surface and side surfaces of the concave portion in the multilayer wiring substrate.
A mounting substrate includes a substrate, a bonding pad and an induction heating pad. The bonding pad is formed on the substrate, and adhered to a solder ball to mount a semiconductor chip on the substrate. The induction heating pad is disposed adjacent to the bonding pad, the induction heating pad being induction heated by an applied alternating magnetic field to reflow the solder ball. The induction heating pad having a diameter greater than a skin depth in response to the frequency of the applied alternating magnetic field is selectively induction heated in response to a low frequency band of the alternating magnetic field. Accordingly, during a reflow process for a solder ball, the semiconductor chip may be mounted on the mounting substrate to complete a semiconductor package without damaging the mounting substrate, to thereby improve the reliability of the completed semiconductor package.
A stacked via structure for reducing vertical stiffness includes: a plurality of stacked vias, each via disposed on a disc-like structure. The disc-like structure includes a platted through hole landing supporting the plurality of stacked vias. The platted through hole landing includes a compliant center zone; and spring-like stiffness-reducing connectors for connecting the compliant center zone of the platted through hole landing.
An interconnection element and method for making same is disclosed. The interconnection element may include a plurality of metal conductors, a plurality of solid metal bumps and a low melting point (LMP) metal layer. The solid metal bumps overly and project in a first direction away from respective ones of the conductors. Each bump has at least one edge bounding the bump in at least a second direction transverse to the first direction. The low melting point (LMP) metal layer has a first face joined to the respective ones of the conductors and bounded in the second direction by at least one edge and a second face joined to the bumps. The edges of the bumps and the LMP layer are aligned in the first direction, and the LMP metal layer has a melting temperature substantially lower than the conductors.
Aluminum filled via disks are manufactured utilizing a plurality of drilled substrates placed into a metal can in a stacked, interdisposed assembly with a corresponding number of graphite molds. Aluminum infiltration ingots are added and the can is heated to a temperature to melt the ingots. The molten aluminum is pressurized so that it flows into the vias. The substrates are then cooled, removed from the can, separated from between the graphite molds, and the flat surface faces are ground and polished to expose the filled vias.
A method of manufacturing a multilayer printed circuit board including preparing a substrate board having a conductor circuit formed over the substrate board, forming an interlayer resin insulating layer on the conductor circuit formed over the substrate board by press laminating on the conductor circuit a film comprising a cycloolefin resin under vacuum or reduced pressure, and forming a via hole connecting to the conductor circuit through the resin insulating layer, the forming of the via hole including plating the via hole to fill up.
A substrate includes a functional element. An insulating first film forms a cavity which stores the functional element, together with the substrate, and includes a plurality of through-holes. An insulating second film covers the plurality of through-holes, is formed on the first film, and has a gas permeability which is higher than that of the first film. An insulating third film is formed on the second film and has a gas permeability which is lower than the second film. An insulating fourth film is formed on the third film and has an elasticity which is larger than the third film.
Methods and apparatus for creating a filled, backdrilled plated through hole in a printed circuit board are disclosed. According to one aspect of the present invention, a method includes defining a hole in a printed circuit board panel. The hole has a first surface, and includes at least a first portion and a second portion. The method also includes plating the first surface with a conductive material, to create a plated surface, and removing at least a first area of the plated surface. The first area of the plated surface is associated with the second portion, and removing the first area of the plated surface includes expanding a size of the hole associated with the second portion. Finally, the method includes filling the hole with a non-conductive material.
High-speed communication links are improved by having differential pairs of traces in a connector pinfield on layers of a multilayer printed circuit board (PCB) to straddle respective rows of reference (ground) pins rather than the respective rows of signal vias. Thus, a desirable increase in the size of each an anti-pad to surrounding each signal via pad can be incorporated without forcing tracing of adjacent differential pairs closer to one another, and thus increased cross talk is avoided. Thereby, 50 ohm or close to 50 ohm impedance for each signal via is achieved. Spacing and routing between traces of each differential pair are advantageously adjusted for skew compensation and impedance optimization utilizing three dimensional computational electromagnetic tools.
A flexible multilayer printed circuit assembly with shield fences. The flexible multilayer printed circuit assembly with multiple conductive layers includes logic ground vias that connect logic ground plane layers together, and shield vias that connect a top and a bottom shield plane layer together. Each of the shield fences is formed between the shield vias on an outside perimeter of each of the conductive layers. Each of the shield fences contains the logic ground vias inside, and also contains each corresponding conductive layer in the horizontal direction to which each layer extends.
An electrical insulator disk has central recesses and peripheral recesses to enable the disk to be mounted floatingly relative to flanges between which the disk is held and to a linear conductor that extends through the disk.
A method for planning a wellbore, the method including defining drilling data for drilling a segment of a planned wellbore and identifying a risk zone in the segment. Additionally, the method including determining an expected fluid loss for the risk zone and selecting a solution to reduce fluid loss in the risk zone. Furthermore, a method for treating drilling fluid loss at a drilling location, the method including calculating a drilling fluid loss rate at the drilling location, classifying the drilling fluid loss based on the drilling fluid loss rate, and selecting a solution based at least in part on the classifying.
The present invention relates to a borehole drilling apparatus with in-line extending wings and driving method thereof. The drilling apparatus comprises a guide device rotating while moving upwardly and downwardly in a casing to fit into a borehole, extending wings for extending the diameter of a drilled hole, and a pilot bit installed at a lower portion of the guide device to strike the bottom of the borehole, wherein spiral projections formed at a lower surface of the guide device slidably engage with guide grooves formed at a side of the extending wings to each other, and a window is formed at a side of the pilot bit for advancing and retracting the extending wings so that they can spread and return linearly from the center of the pilot bit.
This disclosure relates in general to a method and system for controlling a drilling system for drilling a borehole in an earth formation. More specifically, but not by way of limitation, embodiments of the present invention provide systems and methods for controlling dynamic interactions between the drilling system for drilling the borehole and an inner surface of the borehole being drilled to steer the drilling system to directionally drill the borehole. In another embodiment of the present invention, data regarding the functioning of the drilling system as it drills the borehole may be sensed and interactions between the drilling system for drilling the borehole and an inner surface of the borehole may be controlled in response to the sensed data to control the drilling system as the borehole is being drilled.
Drilling fluid is reduced in density while under pressure and prior to injection in the well by creating microbubbles of gas formed on transportation through a membrane while maintaining a transmembrane pressure difference sufficient to create the microbubbles.
A rolling cone drill bit for drilling in earthen formations. In an embodiment, the drill bit comprises a plurality of rolling cone cutters. Each cone cutter includes a plurality of gage cutting elements, a first plurality of bottomhole cutting elements, and a second plurality of bottomhole cutter elements. Each of the first plurality of bottomhole cutting elements is staggered relative to the gage cutting elements on each cone cutter, and the profiles of the gage cutting elements and the first plurality of bottomhole cutting elements on each cone cutter overlap in rotated profile view. Each of the second plurality of bottomhole cutting elements is staggered relative to the first plurality of bottomhole cutting elements on at least one cone cutter, and the profiles of the first plurality of bottomhole cutting elements and the second plurality of bottomhole cutting elements on at least one cone cutter overlap in rotated profile view.
A drilling insert includes a cylindrical body and a top portion of the drilling insert. The top portion is on top of the cylindrical body providing a contact area, wherein the contact area provides a flat area for distributing contact stress when the drilling insert impacts the formation.
A touch panel includes two transparent conductive films and at least one refractive index matching layer. The two transparent conductive films are disposed opposite to each other. The refractive index matching layer is disposed between the two transparent conductive films or disposed on one side of the transparent conductive film.
Steering control apparatuses and methods for a vehicle are provided. A steering control apparatus can include a steering shaft drivingly linked to a pair of front wheels of a vehicle. A movable steering handle can also be provided and disposed about the steering shaft, with the steering handle being capable of selectively turning the pair of front wheels to direct the movement of the vehicle. A first and second brake clutch mechanism for engaging and disengaging first and second drive wheels, respectively, can be provided. First and second brake clutch control levers can selectively control the first and second brake clutch mechanism, respectively, to engage and disengage the first and second drive wheels. The steering handle can include a coupling base. The coupling base can engage the steering shaft to permit decoupling of the steering handle from the steering shaft allowing the steering shaft and the linked pair of front wheels to turn free of the steering handle while the steering handle is still disposed about the steering shaft.
An ambulatory vehicle having legs and configured for transporting a load is disclosed. The ambulatory vehicle includes a load that is able to shift the center of gravity of the ambulatory vehicle along a transverse axis and a longitudinal axis of a beam assembly. Additionally, leg assemblies of the ambulatory vehicle are configured to exchange places along the length of the beam assembly. Further, the vehicle is able to perform a number of gaits including a slow stable gait and faster dynamic gaits comprising striding, trotting, and bounding. The ambulatory vehicle is able to navigate rough terrain and steep slopes and navigate submerged.
A patient support apparatus comprises a frame, a patient support coupled to the frame, a push handle coupled to the frame and having a handle post, and at least one user input coupled to the handle post. The handle post is movable between a first position presenting the at least one user input to a caregiver standing at an end of the frame and a second position presenting the at least one user input to a caregiver standing alongside the frame.
A method and system for limiting motor performance in a hybrid electric vehicle system. During a condition in a primary drivetrain, the method limits performance of an electric motor used in an auxiliary drivetrain to control energy consumed from a battery in the auxiliary drivetrain. A calculation or measurement is made to determine available battery energy remaining in the battery after the condition. The performance of the electric motor is then limited based on the available battery energy.
A work machine comprises a baffle configured to divert air flow from a source of pressurized air laterally outwardly toward a peripheral edge of the baffle to create a flow-inducing region about the peripheral edge to ventilate the engine compartment.
A remotely driven collapsible cooler apparatus that includes a top ring having at least one handle on its inner side, a latch on its outer side and a bottom plate that includes at least one handle on its inner side, a mating latch on its outer side and a plurality of rotatable and laterally movable wheels, a driven motor, and collapsible storage bag positioned between the proximal top ring and the distal bottom plate, which is expandable. The wheels and the motor being remotely controlled by a remote controller;
A rear suspension of a snow vehicle is provided with a slide rail which guides a track belt. The slide rail is made of metal and formed by extrusion. A bent portion is provided on an end of the slide rail to extend to a tip end thereof with a position toward the end being a starting point of bending. A projection, to which one end side of a torque arm supporting a vehicle body is connected, is arranged toward the end of the slide rail so as to project upwards. The projection includes a bracket provided separately from the slide rail and the starting point of bending is positioned in a length range of the projection.
A two-wheel drive motorcycle having a drive train that supplies power to the front wheel and includes a series of rigid shafts or other internalized drive systems. The front wheel drive consists of components located on the axis of steering within the head tube and positioned symmetrically in a counterbalancing fashion within the front fork in order to counteract the torque reactions from the rotating front wheel drive while providing a full range of steering. The front wheel drive lengthens and shortens in parallel with the shock-absorbing front fork. An engagement clutch, a one-way hub, and torque limiting clutch operatively engaged with the front wheel drive are also disclosed.
An engine mounting device for a motor vehicle having a casing attached to the engine, a flexible annular cylinder disposed inside the casing with a longitudinal axis generally parallel to the longitudinal axis of the vehicle body, a shaft attached to the vehicle body and disposed within the annulus of the flexible cylinder, whereby the casing and the flexible annular can move along the shaft in response to a frontal impact on the vehicle, and a retainer mounted on the shaft and arranged to prevent movement of the casing along the shaft below a predetermined threshold force on the casing.
Disclosed is an all-terrain vehicle (ATV) engine power output conversion mechanism, which is characterized primarily by linking a first transmission assembly to the output terminal of the engine, where the central shaft of the first transmission assembly is provided with a first gear at its one end which connects to the output terminal of the engine, while the other end of the central shaft to a first bevel gear; having a second transmission assembly, where its central shaft is provided with a second bevel gear at its one end which gears to the first bevel gear, while the other end of the central shaft to a second gear, and the central shaft is joined to the rear wheel axle to drive the rear wheels; having a third transmission assembly, where its central shaft is provided with a third gear which gears to the second gear, and the third gear gears to a reduction gear, where the output terminal of the reduction gear is used to drive the front wheels; and having a switch set up at the handle bar of the ATV or wherever the rider can reach, where the switch is for the control of the reduction gear to drive the front wheel. Through such setup, the ATVs are capable of selecting a two-wheel drive or a four-wheel drive, subject to the demand upon various terrain conditions.
A device is proposed for detecting a collision of a vehicle with an obstacle, in which an ultrasonic receiver unit is used to detect the sound produced by the collision, and a collision of the vehicle is thus detected through the evaluation of the ultrasonic signals.
A steering angle sensor comprises a main rotor which can be rotated in a rotationally synchronous manner and which can be coupled to a steering column or to a steering wheel. The main rotor can be rotated about the rotational axis of the steering column. The steering angle sensor also comprises at least one additional rotor which can be driven by the main rotor, a first scanning unit which is used to scan the position of the rotational angle of the main rotor, and a second scanning unit which is used to scan the rotational angle of the additional rotor. The additional rotor can be rotated about the rotational axis of the steering column and can drive the additional rotor of at least one transmission element driven by the main rotor. A method for determining the absolute steering angle of a steering wheel is also disclosed.
A method for generating a return torque signal in an electric servo steering system of a vehicle, including the steps of: determining a current steering wheel position; determining a current vehicle speed; generating a return torque signal as a function of the steering wheel position and the vehicle speed; determining a current speed of steering wheel rotation; determining a scaling factor dependent on the speed of steering wheel rotation; and multiplying the return torque signal by the scaling factor in order to obtain a modified return torque signal. Also, a servo steering system which is designed to carry out such a method.
An improved Helmholz resonator loudspeaker that may be truncated on one or both ends. The bass pipe is brought partially or completely to extend outside the enclosure, leading to improved efficiency in reproducing lower frequencies. The extended bass pipe may be utilized as part of the mounting structure for the loudspeaker on a base, or may be given an ornamental function.
The invention provides a vibration damping material excellent in vibration damping property and lightness, and in particular, a vibration damping material which can be preferably used for cars required to be light. In the vibration damping material of the invention, a foamed adhesive layer is integrally laminated onto one of the surfaces of a foamed thermoplastic resin sheet. Thus, vibration energy transmitted to the vibration damping material is smoothly absorbed by a synergetic effect of rigidity of the foamed thermoplastic resin sheet and viscoelasticity of the foamed adhesive layer, so that excellent vibration damping property is exhibited. Furthermore, the vibration damping material of the invention is excellent in lightness. Thus, the material can be preferably used for articles desired to be light, such as vehicles including cars and trains. The material is also excellent in a constructing property since the material is light.
An exhaust-noise attenuation muffler includes two half-shells, each including an inner shell and an outer shell which are made through deep drawing of a sheet metal blank which can have a thickness between 0.3 mm and 0.5 m. The inner shell or the outer shell is provided with an embossment. After placing the inner shells in corresponding ones of the outer shells to form half-shells, two complementing half-shells are joined together.
Methods are provided for repairing a defect in a noise suppression panel. In an embodiment, by way of example only, a method includes the steps of removing a section of the noise suppression panel that includes the defect to thereby create a cavity, forming an insert configured to mate with the cavity, the insert comprising an acoustic damping material comprising a plurality of fibers and a binder, and placing the insert within the cavity.
A safety harness includes a safety belt unit having a pair of shoulder straps, a connecting belt having one end connected to the safety belt unit, and a hook-engaging member connected to the connecting belt. The hook-engaging member has a loop body confining a loop space therein, and a collar extending from the loop body into the loop space.
A ladder safety device is usable for holding and stabilizing a ladder in a safe and stable manner while being used, by way of securing a ladder relative to continuous horizontal guttering at the edge of a building. The device locks to the gutter by way of locking jaws and is secured to the side rail of a ladder by way of an adjustable locking bar.
A fall protection device for protecting a person from a fall from a surface includes a lower saddle and an upper saddle configured for coupling to a column, the lower and upper saddles include tongues projecting from sides thereof. An aperture is formed in the tongue of the upper saddle and the lower saddle includes a stop structure. An elongated safety post is configured for removably engaging the saddles so the lower end of the post rests against the stop structure. A tie-off structure is mounted on the upper end of the post. The tie-off structure is configured to rotate around the upper end of the post, and includes a platform portion for supporting a restraining device coupled to a worker.
A ladder accessory or caddy that is connectible or removably mountable to the upper ends or rails of a ladder is adapted to position the ladder relative to a work structure and the ground and comprises an elongated rectangular shaped housing member and a resilient cushion member connected to the housing member. The housing has top and bottom walls, a pair of sidewalls, a forward and rearward end walls, and an interior wall. The walls cooperate to form a socket having an opening on the bottom, for receiving and closely fitting about the upper end portion of the ladder. The forward or cushioned end of the caddy is curvilinear and forms a “bull nose” for greater work surface contact area for stabilization. Also means for securing the caddy in position such as a biased latch may be provided to fix the caddy to the ladder while in use.
A rope climbing device includes a housing having a compartment for slidably receiving a rope, a lever pivotally coupled to the housing with a spindle and having one or more teeth for engaging with the rope and for selectively securing the housing to the rope, and a foot-hold attached to the lever for engaging with the foot of the user and for forcing the teeth of the lever to selectively engage with the rope, and a pressing device may selectively engage with the rope when the tooth of the lever is disengaged from the rope for preventing the housing of the rope climbing device from sliding downwardly relative to or along the rope inadvertently.
A collapsible stepstool for storing underneath a cabinet and extending from there under when in use includes a platform member for supporting a user. A top frame member supports such platform member. A bottom frame member supports at least one of such platform member, such top frame member, and a combination thereof. A mechanism for facilitating vertical movement of such platform member is attached to at least one of such top frame member, such bottom frame member, such platform member, and a combination thereof for selectively raising and lowering at least one of such platform member, such top frame member, and a combination thereof. At least one mechanism is disposed on such bottom frame member for facilitating horizontal movement of such collapsible stepstool such that such collapsible stepstool may be extended from underneath such cabinet for use and may be returned to a position underneath such cabinet for storage.
An engine oil system comprises an oil condition sensing device and a control module. The oil condition sensing device includes an electrically actuated member and is in fluid communication with an engine oil reservoir. The control module selectively causes current to be supplied to the oil condition sensing device to actuate the member, measures the current, determines a parameter of the current, and selectively identifies at least two of an oil level, an oil change event, and an oil viscosity level based on the parameter.
A retail checkout station includes a housing having at least a front wall that defines a first substantially vertical surface, a first side wall that defines a second substantially vertical surface, and a second side wall that defines a third substantially vertical surface. A product scanning portion is provided at the housing. The product scanning portion includes a scanning device for scanning products purchased by a consumer. A user interface portion having a display is also provided at the housing. The retail checkout station further includes a product load sensor mounted to one of the first, second and third substantially vertical surfaces of the housing.
Versions of an elevator system are shown having a drive system including a driven sheave and a non-driven sheave. The driven sheave is configured to move an elevator car in a generally upward and downward direction. The non-driven sheave is configured to support the elevator car in the event of a loss of traction. The driven sheave is fixedly coupled to a drive shaft of the motor and the non-driven sheave is supported by the drive shaft but is freely rotatable relative to the drive shaft.
A self-boosting electromechanically actuable disc brake, having an application device for applying the brake pad, which application device has a rotary brake lever and a self-boosting device, wherein the rotary brake lever acts on an actuating plunger which acts on the application-side brake lining directly or via a pressure plate, is characterized in that the actuating plunger is pivotably mounted on the rotary brake lever and on the pressure plate or the application-side brake lining with an intersecting rotational axis.
A disc brake assembly including a rotor defining a rotational axis and including a barrel portion and a disc portion extending generally radially outward from the barrel portion, the barrel portion defining an inner surface and the inner surface defining a groove, a biasing element received in the groove, and a tone ring having an outer surface and including a step formed on the outer surface, the tone ring being positioned in the barrel portion such that the step is aligned for engagement with the biasing element.
A magnetorheological (MR) fluid-based device including an MR piston assembly. The MR piston assembly includes a ferromagnetic MR piston core and an electric coil. The MR piston core has a central longitudinal axis and has an outer circumferential surface substantially coaxially aligned with the central longitudinal axis. The electric coil is positioned in the MR piston core and is substantially coaxially aligned with the central longitudinal axis. A portion, or at least a portion, of the electric coil is buried in the MR piston core under the outer circumferential surface.
The base-and-frame assembly for the wheeled luggage includes: a platform having a carriage surface for detachably carrying a separable bag thereon; and an extendable rod connected to the support tube in a self-standing manner and having a grip connected at an upper end, and being stopped by a stopper at an extended position. The platform is provided with a latitudinal reinforcement rib integrally formed below a planar carriage plate with its top face serving as the carriage surface. In a horizontal plane including such surface, the latitudinal reinforcement rib extends in a lateral direction orthogonal to the grip, protruding on a bottom face of the carriage plate. A reinforcement protrusion is integrally formed with the latitudinal reinforcement rib, protruding downwardly at an area below the support tube.
In a clutch device wherein a plurality of clutch plates are relatively non-rotatably engaged with a clutch outer, a plurality of clutch disks disposed alternately with the clutch plates are relatively non-rotatably engaged with a clutch inner, and an end plate disposed so that the clutch plates and the clutch disks are disposed between itself and a piston slidably fitted in the clutch outer is relatively non-rotatably and axially movably supported on the clutch outer in the manner of being restricted in movement toward one end side in the axial direction, to prevent the clutch inner from coming out of position at the time of assembling the clutch device into position, thereby to enhance workability in the assembling operation, and to prevent the clutch inner from generating a collision sound by colliding against other member than the component members of the clutch device when the clutch is disengaged.
A spring-type fastener driving tool includes a plunger having a blade that drives in fasteners, a spring that urges the plunger downwards and is capable of being compressed upwards, a spring compression mechanism unit that includes a drum that causes the plunger to move in a compression direction of the spring based on rotational force of a motor, a reduction mechanism unit, and a one-way clutch than prohibits reverse rotation of the motor. Reverse rotation of the drum due to the urging force of the spring is prevented by providing the one-way clutch between an input side rotating shaft of the reduction mechanism unit and a rotation output shaft of the motor.
A hydraulic system for a clutch has a pump conveying a hydraulic fluid stream via a heat exchanger to a controllable hydraulic valve which divides the hydraulic fluid stream into a first part stream and a second part stream. The first part stream flows to a reservoir via friction linings of the clutch and the second part stream flows to the reservoir via a hydraulic path bypassing the friction linings. The hydraulic system is set up for upgrading a cooling of the clutch by increasing the first part stream at the expense of the second part stream and for reducing the cooling of the clutch by increasing the second part stream. The system is set up for temporarily upgrading the cooling of the clutch in the event of a changeover of torque transfer from transfer via a first part transmission to transfer via a second part transmission of the transmission.
An annular frictional engaging piston includes an annular pressure apply portion which pushes a frictional engagement element in an axial direction against urging force of a return spring that urges in a direction opposite the frictional engagement element, and which has a cutout portion where a portion in the circumferential direction has been removed to avoid interference between the piston and another member. A partially removed region is provided, and a mounting hole for mounting the return spring on the piston is provided in a region other than the partially removed region.
Parking brake actuator is an overrunning single directional clutch which provides for infinite locking positions.
A coin drop mechanism comprises a support member movably connected to a channel member. A contoured channel configured to receive at least one coin is formed on at least one of the members and defines a coin slot when the members are in contact with each other. The channel is configured to guide the at least one coin to a desired location aligned with an actuator opening on the members. The mechanism further comprises an actuator. The actuator comprises a actuation member configured to travel through the actuator opening, engage the at least one coin against a surface of the channel member, and displace the channel member relative to the support member causing a selected product to be dispensed from a product receptacle.
The present invention relates to an apparatus and method for facilitating the harvesting of crops growing on a substrate, comprising:—a vehicle which is adapted to travel relative to the substrate, such as being adapted to travel over edges of a holder of the substrate, —a harvesting conveyor which can be placed on the vehicle in a manner such that the harvesting conveyor can be brought substantially within reach of practically all crops on the substrate, —crop receiving members which are arranged in the harvesting conveyor and which are suitable for simple manual placing of the crops therein, wherein the conveyor serves to discharge the crops from a location within reach of the harvesting location.
The invention is applicable more particularly to the field of the textile industry, particularly the field of treating threads by means of thermal treatment machines commonly called heat setting machines.
A roller device mountable rotatably on a spindle includes a roller body having a tubular wall with two opposite open-end portions. Each open-end portion is provided with a retaining member formed on an inner peripheral surface of the tubular wall. Two covers are inserted respectively into the open-end portions of the tubular wall, and are adapted to be sleeved rotatably around the spindle. Each cover has an annular end wall transverse to the corresponding open-end portion, a surrounding wall extending inwardly and axially from an outer periphery of the end wall and abutting against the inner peripheral surface of the tubular wall, and an engaging member formed on an outer peripheral surface of the surrounding wall and interlocking the retaining member. The retaining and engaging members have recess-and-protrusion interlocking surfaces.
A multi-function selecting mechanism is provided. The multi-function selecting mechanism comprises a toggling feature and a selection mechanism coupled with said toggling feature. The selection mechanism is configured to move about the toggling feature to a first position or move toward the toggling feature to a second position, wherein a first function is initiated when the selection mechanism is in the first position and a second function is initiated when the selection mechanism is in the second position.
A switch device, includes a device main body incorporating a fixed pressure contact portion and includes a fixed sliding contact portion that forms a circuit together with the fixed pressure contact portion, and at least one pair of switches supported on the device main body, each switch comprising an operating knob. One switch of the at least one pair of switches includes a pressure-operated switch includes a movable pressure contact portion corresponding to the fixed pressure contact portion, and another switch includes a slide-operated switch includes a movable sliding contact portion corresponding to the fixed sliding contact portion.
A rubber key device is provide with a key top member, multiple rubber keys, a click feel generating mechanism and a load transmitting mechanism. When a depression area of the key top member is depressed by a user, the key top member is rotated to depress a top face of a rubber key via the load transmitting mechanism. The load transmitting mechanism transmits the load caused by the depression of the depression area to the top face of the corresponding rubber key such that the load is transmitted to only a substantially central portion of the top face of the corresponding one of the multiple rubber keys regardless of the depression amount of the depression area.
There are provided a bio-sensor including nanochannel-integrated 3-dimensional metallic nanowire gap electrodes, a manufacturing method thereof, and a bio-disk system comprising the bio-sensor. The bio-sensor includes an upper substrate block having a plurality of metallic nanowires formed on a lower surface thereof and including an injection port through which a biomaterial-containing sample is injected; a lower substrate block having a plurality of metallic nanowires formed on an upper surface thereof; and a supporting unit supporting the upper and lower substrate blocks so that the upper and lower substrate blocks can be disposed spaced apart at a predetermined distance to form a nanochannel, wherein the metallic nanowires formed on the upper and lower substrate blocks are combined to form 3-dimensional metallic nanowire gap electrodes.
Sputtering targets and sputtering methods for depositing a film that includes tin and niobium. Substrates bearing coatings comprising tin and niobium, for example, low-emissivity coatings including blocker films comprising tin and niobium, or solar control coatings (e.g., conductive oxide coatings) including tin and niobium methods of manufacturing sputtering targets comprising tin and niobium.
Methods and apparatus for use with a micromirror element includes a micromirror a micromirror having a substantially flat outer surface disposed outwardly from a support structure that is operable to at least partially support the micromirror. The support structure includes at least one layer overlying at least two discrete planes that are both substantially parallel to the outer surface of the micromirror. In one particular embodiment, the support structure includes annular-shaped sidewalls that encapsulate a photoresist plug.
A sacrificial metal anode device incorporating a resistor assembly into the construction of the sacrificial anode is insertable into a metal water storage tank. The metal water storage tank designed to contain heated water is thereby protected from corrosion by the sacrificial metal anode. The sacrificial metal anode device comprising an elongated metal anode member with a metal wire core, an insulating sleeve secured over the elongated metal anode member wherein said insulating sleeve has an external wall with threads to fixedly secure a metal cap. The metal cap having threads on an internal wall to fixedly secure the insulating sleeve further including a cylindrical receptacle for receipt of an end of the elongated metal anode member and an electrical resistor assembly.
A new sputter source is disclosed that allows for high rates of deposition at pressures one or two orders of magnitude lower than has previously been obtained. This results in denser films with reduced ion and electron damage to the substrate.
A method is disclosed for the direct synthesis of double stranded DNA molecules of a variety of sizes and with any desired sequence. The DNA molecule to be synthesis is logically broken up into smaller overlapping DNA segments. A maskless microarray synthesizer is used to make a DNA microarray on a substrate in which each element or feature of the array is populated by DNA of a one of the overlapping DNA segments. The complement of each segment is also made in the microarray. The DNA segments are released from the substrate and held under conditions favoring hybridization of DNA, under which conditions the segments will hybridize to form duplexes. The duplexes are then separated using a DNA binding agent which hinds to improperly formed DNA helixes to remove errors form the set of DNA molecules. The segments can then be hybridized to each other to assemble the larger target DNA sequence.
A fluidic device includes a porous substrate, a wetting region extending through a first portion of the porous substrate from a first side of the substrate, in which the wetting region is permeable to fluid transport, and a non-wetting region extending through a second portion of the porous substrate from a second side of the substrate, in which the non-wetting region is operable to switch between a first state impermeable to fluid transport and a second state permeable to fluid transport.
The invention, for example, provides a method for identifying patients with normal NCEP lipid levels who are in need of treatment for cardiovascular disease comprising measuring one or more LDL or HDL particle subclass levels and identifying abnormal LDL or HDL subclass levels. LDL III a & b and HDL 2b are preferred subclasses.
A drag through electro-deposition system and a method of performing a drag through electro-deposition process on a vehicle body is disclosed. The system may include pairs of anodes, with each pair having a corresponding anode pair power supply. As a vehicle body is carried through the electro-deposition tank, the electric power to each pair is individually adjusted relative to the vehicle body position in the tank.
Electrolytic eluent recycle systems for ion chromatography using a multi-channel electrolytic ion exchange device which integrates suppression, eluent generation, and eluent recycle. The systems recycle the eluent into the analytical system without passing the eluent through the electrode chambers. Also, such systems with a channel for electrolytic removal of ions from the suppression effluent before recycle.
An apparatus and method for electrochemically modifying the retention of a species on a chromatography material is disclosed. The apparatus comprises a housing having an effluent flow channel adapted to permit fluid flow therethrough. The effluent flow channel comprises chromatography material. The apparatus further comprises first and second electrodes positioned such that at least a portion of the chromatography material is disposed between the first and second electrodes, and fluid flow through the apparatus is between, and in contact with, the first and second electrodes.
Among other things, a force is applied, at a first location in a medium and at a first time, to cause an object to move in a direction along the medium. At a later, second time, a force is applied at a second location, which is farther along the direction in which the object is moving, to cause the object to move an additional distance in the medium, when the force is no longer being applied at the first location. Both the distance traveled by the object and how long the object is subject to the force depend on a property of the object. At least one of the times and locations of applying the force is selected based on the property of the object.
The invention is a method of phase separation in liquid mixtures comprising two or more components. The method comprises the steps of inserting the liquid mixture between suitably shaped and positioned electrodes and applying a voltage to the electrodes in order to produce a non-uniform electric field between the electrodes. The phase separation takes place with essentially all electrode geometries and the phase separation is reversible. The method is characterized in that the liquid mixture must contain dissociated positive or negative ions. In this case the phase separation takes place when the applied voltage is a few volts or less and when the temperature is many degrees above the binodal (coexistence) temperature Tc. The invention has many practical applications including: electrical field controlled lubrication, influencing the kinetics and spatial dependence of chemical reactions in liquid environments, controlling the propagation of light, and controlling the opacity of a window.
The invention relates to a method for processing at least two workpieces by means of electrochemical treatment. During the method, the workpieces are provided as working electrodes in an electrolytic treatment solution inside of which a counter-electrode arrangement is assigned to each workpiece. One workpiece and the assigned counter-electrode arrangement form an electrolytic processing element. The electrolytic processing elements are connected in series.
Methods for depositing a metal or metal alloy on a substrate and articles made with the methods are described. The metal or metal alloy is deposited on the substrate electrolytically. The current is periodically interrupted during deposition to improve throwing power and reduce nodule formation on the metal or metal alloy deposit.
A manufacturing method of a wiring board includes a sticking layer forming step; a resist film forming step of forming a resist film on an upper surface of the sticking layer, the resist film having an opening exposing the upper surface of the sticking layer; a metal layer forming step of forming a metal layer, so as to cover an upper surface of the resist film and cover a side surface of the resist film and the upper surface of the sticking layer forming the opening for forming the wiring; a plating film forming step of filling with a plating film the opening for forming the wiring; a metal layer and plating film removing step; a resist film removing step; and a sticking layer removing step of removing the sticking layer of an unnecessary part not covered with the metal layer, after the resist film removing step.
Electrolytes for white bronzes are disclosed as well as methods of depositing the white bronzes. The electrolytes for depositing the white bronzes are cyanide free and provide a uniform white color.
Indium (In) electroplating solutions which are used to deposit compositionally pure, uniform, substantially defect free and smooth In films with near 100% plating efficiency and repeatability. In one embodiment the plating solution includes an In source, citric acid and its conjugate pair salt and a solvent. At a pH value of below 4.0, sub-micron thick In layers with close to 100% purity at close to 100% plating efficiency are produced. Such In layers are used in fabrication of electronic devices such as thin film solar cells.
Described is a hydroxyl gas generation system for generating a hydroxyl gas by way of electrolysis, for limiting the corrosion of electrodes used in the electrolysis, and for making the hydroxyl gas available to be drawn into the air intake of a combustion engine. The hydroxyl gas generation system generates an electrolytic reaction by passing an electrical current between the electrodes by way of an electrolytic solution, the electrolytic reaction generating the hydroxyl gas. To limit the corrosion of the electrodes, the polarity of the voltage applied to the electrodes is periodically alternated. Additionally, the electrodes are constructed of or plated with platinum, a material that is substantially impermeable to the electrolytic solution.
The present invention relates to a process for the preparation of stable iodate-exchanged hydrotalcite with zero effluent discharge. The iodate-exchanged hydrotalcite produced is useful as iodizing agent. The invention further relates to utilization of alkaline effluent generated in the process of ion exchange of iodate into SHT so as to fully recycle the residual iodate anion and also utilize the alkali generated in the process for production of additional quantities of iodate through reaction with iodine crystals followed by electrochemical oxidation to obtain pure aqueous solution of iodate salt which can be reused for preparation of the stable iodizing agent. The process gives zero effluent discharge hence economical.
Apparatus and methods are described for preparing, maintaining, and stabilizing sensors. The apparatus and methods for preparing sensors for use are utilized in advance of the sensor being removed from a sealed, sterilized package. The apparatus include packaging materials having electrical circuits capable of stabilizing a sensor to prepare the sensor for use. The methods for preparing a sensor for use includes methods of providing a solution to a sterilized packaging that contains a sensor connected to a sensor activating circuit, activating the circuit, and allowing the sensor to stabilize. These methods can be performed without compromising the packaging. The apparatus for stabilizing a sensor that is in use include a circuit connectable to the sensor that provides a signal to the sensor that prevents the sensor from becoming destabilized when disconnected from a monitoring device.
A method for the determination of the amount of cholesterol in lipoproteins other than high density lipoproteins in a lipoprotein-containing sample, said method comprising (a) electrochemically determining the amount of cholesterol bound to high density lipoproteins in the sample, (b) electrochemically determining the total amount of cholesterol in the sample, and subtracting the result of (a) from the result of (b).
A NOx sensor includes a sensor element equipped with first and second pumping cells to define first and second measurement chambers. The first pumping cell exerts an oxygen pumping action against the first measurement chamber to adjust the oxygen concentration in the gas under measurement within the first measurement chamber to a given level. The second pumping cell exerts an oxygen pumping action against the second measurement chamber to produce a pumping cell current according to the NOx concentration in the gas under measurement. When the moisture content of the gas under measurement changes from 2 vol % to 8 vol %, the NOx sensor allows a variation of NOx concentration detection value based on the pumping cell current in such a manner that the NOx concentration detection value reaches a transient peak value of 20 ppm or smaller and converges to ±5 ppm of a reference value within 5 seconds.
A thin eyeglasses case for accommodating an eyeglass assembly. The eyeglass assembly has a body and two temple bars pivotally connected to the body. Two lenses are mounted on the body. The thin eyeglasses case includes a first housing and a second housing. The first housing has a first engaging structure. One side of the second housing is pivotally connected to the first housing to form an accommodating portion for accommodating the body of the eyeglass assembly together with the first housing, while two side openings through which the temple bars are exposed are formed. The other side of the second housing has a second engaging structure, which may engage with or disengage from the first engaging structure.
A transfer dish for dental materials has a bottom surface, a top surface and a front surface. The top surface is designed with troughs for receiving pre-dosed amounts of dental material for application which have, in the front area, a plane ramp sloping toward a rear area, and, in the rear area, the troughs have a concave wall adjacent to a transition area. The transition area is designed as an osculating curve of the concave wall with respect to the plane ramp, and the trough, in a top view, has the contour of a U which is open toward a front area of the transfer dish. The ramp tapers in width toward the front area of the transfer dish.
A cigarette pack made from cardboard paper stock and the like comprises a body portion and a hinge lid portion. The body portion includes a tear away card having a continuous outer boundary with perforations along the boundary to facilitate removal of the tear away card from the pack.
A cigarette package, which includes an outer box and an inner frame. The outer box includes a lower box portion and a side opening hinged lid. The inner frame includes a front panel, a back panel, and a side panel extending between the front panel and the back panel. The outer box includes a tab and the inner frame includes a notch, such that the notch engages the tab when the hinged lid is in a closed position.
A dugout organizer includes a plurality of compartments formed from a flexible material, wherein each of the compartments are sized to hold a player's glove, helmet and hat, a shelf for holding larger equipment coupled to the compartments, and a plurality of bat holders for holding bats. The compartments, shelf and bat holders can be folded into a relatively flat unit for transport.
A container configured to protect items during shipping and storage is disclosed. The container includes a cover, a liner, and an inflatable bladder between the liner and the cover. The container further includes a protective plate, which optionally houses one or more pumps to inflate the bladder. The container may also include a retractable handle, which may form part of the pump.
The container of this invention may have a plurality of slots formed proximate an upper perimeter of the container such that a lower portion of the slots is exposed when a lid is secured over the upper perimeter. Optionally a plurality of notches may be formed in the container below the slots. Hooks of tie down straps engage the slots and are held in place therein by the lid. When the slots are present hooks of tie down straps are secured in the slots. Another embodiment includes a hanger having a handle and an optional L-piece, the handle having apertures or notches, which can be, for example oval or rectangular, for securing both hooks of a tie down strap, the L-piece either attachable, or permanently attached, to the handle for further securing the hooks disposed in the apertures. Yet another embodiment includes a receptacle having an attachable or permanently attached bracket or plurality of brackets, each bracket having slots, each slot for storing both hooks of a tie down strap. Each receptacle may have optional slots for storing elastic straps.
A recess filling apparatus forms part of, or is for use with, a tool for driving a multiplicity of fixing elements into a work surface. The apparatus utilises a dispensing strip defining a multiplicity of chambers containing filler material, each chamber containing sufficient filler material for use with a single fixing element. The apparatus comprises means to support the dispensing strip, and means for locating a chamber that contains filler material in or adjacent to the path of a fixing element, and for advancing the dispensing strip prior to driving the next fixing element.
A personal care product has a container component and an absorbent personal care product component. Generally there are four side walls connected in a manner such that the top panel is connected to the bottom panel by the front side wall, the back side wall, the first side wall and the second side wall; and the front side wall is connected to the back side wall by the first side wall and the second side wall. A chamber is able to hold at least one absorbent personal care article component placed within said chamber of the container component. In addition, the container component is devoid of any indicia on the exterior surface of each of the top panel, the front side wall, the first side wall and the second side wall which tends to indicate that the container has at least one personal care product placed within said chamber.
The present invention is directed to a package containing one or more individually wrapped feminine hygiene articles. The package and the wrapper of a feminine hygiene article each have a line of weakness.
A color-coded packaging system is provided where a set of different colors are selected with each color designated to signify a varying feature of a product such as a dimensions of a pouch for receiving instruments for sterilization. Printed information or indicia printed on that pouch are printed in a colored ink designating the size of that pouch. Multiple pouches of the same size are packaged in boxes which have information or indicia printed thereon in the same color so that the size of box contents can be readily determined by the color of the printing thereon. The storage area can also include designated color coded areas for placement of like colored boxes. The color coding of the storage area, the boxes and the content of boxes provides for easy selection of a desired product as a means for a quick visual inventory.
A blister package is provided for retaining individual product units. The blister package is formed by a receptacle substrate and an outer laminate. The receptacle substrate includes a sealing flange and one or more receptacle hollows for retaining product therein. The outer laminate includes a first layer covering a sealing layer, with the sealing layer bonded to the receptacle flange and covering the product within the hollows. A repeating score line pattern is formed in the outer laminate for promoting a tear in the laminate upon forcing the product from the receptacle hollow against the outer laminate. The score pattern extends substantially across the area of the outer laminate covering the receptacle hollow and includes a plurality of spaced score lines formed in a crosswise relationship.
A container is adapted to transport food or other articles. The container includes a floor, two side walls, a front end closure coupled to the side walls, and a rear end closure coupled to the side walls.
A hammock-type vibration-absorbing air sheath includes a first buffering wall having at least one first node, and a second buffering wall having at least one second node. The first buffering wall is bent along the first node, and the second buffering wall is bent along the second node. At least one first heat-sealed edge of the first buffering wall is connected to at least one second heat-sealed edge of the second buffering wall by heat sealing means. Thus, a receiving space is formed between the first buffering wall and the second buffering wall, while a buffering sheet is suspended within the receiving space for receiving an article. The buffering sheet is used to absorb vibrations of the article, while the first buffering wall and the second buffering wall are used to protect the article.
A packaging apparatus for packaging OTC drugs, prescription medications (e.g., “starter packs” given to patients by their physicians), or any other suitable object or substance (e.g., tablets, button cell batteries or other small parts or components) is provided. The packaging apparatus combines two thermoforming packaging techniques: clam shell packaging and blister packaging into a single package.
A child resistant drug package. The package includes a blister layer having at least one blister and a plurality of backing layers covering the blister layer. The backing layers include tabs that require sequential removal in order to gain access to the contents of the blister.
A packaging assembly is disclosed. The packaging assembly is easily assembled and disassembled for convenient use and provides suspension of an enclosed article by way of an arched structure providing protection from impact, shock and vibration. This suspension package and method is called KLOS Pak.
The present invention relates to a process and equipment for fluid catalytic cracking for the production of middle distillates of low aromaticity that comprises cracking a mixed feed consisting of heavy fractions of hydrocarbons, in the absence of added hydrogen and employing a catalyst of low activity and low acidity, in a dense-bed FCC reactor to produce an effluent constituted of fractions of middle distillates and naphtha of low aromaticity.
Systems, methods, and catalysts for conversion of a hydrocarbon feed to a total product are described. Contact of the hydrocarbon feed with one or more catalysts produces the total product. The total product includes a crude product that is a liquid mixture at 25° C. and 0.101 MPa having a residue content of at most 90% of the residue content of the hydrocarbon feed. At least one of the catalysts includes a metal from Column 6 of the Periodic Table, mineral oxide fines and a support.
A process for the desulfurization of a fluid catalytically cracked naphtha wherein the valuable olefins are retained and recombinant mercaptans are prevented from forming, resulting in a low sulfur naphtha. Embodiments disclosed herein may allow for more flexibility in varying the end point of the naphtha used in gasoline blending
A method and apparatus for removing peroxides from an exposed naphtha stream is shown and described. The process includes the catalytic reactive oxygen stripping of peroxides thereby generating hydrocarbons and oxygen. Numerous conventional catalysts may be employed. The catalytic stripping reaction can be carried out at substantially lower temperatures than conventional reboiled oxygen strippers thereby resulting in substantial energy savings. Further, the disclosed reactor vessels are substantially smaller and less expensive to build than conventional oxygen stripper columns. The disclosed energy efficient reactive oxygen stripping process and equipment is intended to be utilized upstream of a naphtha hydrotreating unit.
The present invention relates to a screen basket for securing inlets or outlets of tanks, which screen basket can be easily mounted and in particular comprises a high resistance against corrosive surroundings.
A method and apparatus are provided for separating elastomeric materials from mixed material streams. A separator includes a bank of parallel rollers extending longitudinally between a first end and a second end. The bank of parallel rollers having a predefined inclination with the first end elevated higher than the second end. Mixed material streams are fed onto a top surface of the high end of the inclined parallel rollers. A material having less friction and elasticity slides down the inclined roller bank top surface are collected into a collection bin positioned adjacent the second, lower end of the roller bank. Other materials having a higher friction coefficient grip the rollers more and are lifted out of the valley due to friction migrating perpendicular to the rotating rollers and are collected in a collection bin positioned adjacent one side of the roller bank parallel to the longitudinal roller axis.
A dry cleaning apparatus separates heavy objects from mixture of the heavy objects and light objects having specific gravities smaller than those of the heavy objects. The dry cleaning apparatus includes a casing having a tubular shape having a center axis, an internal cylinder provided in the casing, a recovery section for recovering the heavy objects, a loading section for loading the mixture to above the internal cylinder, a flow inlet for introducing air to between the casing and the internal cylinder, and an outlet for discharging the light objects and air from between the casing and the internal cylinder. The casing has an inner surface extending substantially in parallel to a center axis. The internal cylinder has an upper surface having a center portion projecting upwardly, and has an outer surface having a portion which extends in parallel to the inner surface of the casing and which faces the inner surface of the casing. The recovery section is located under the internal cylinder.
A method of processing construction and demolition (C&D) debris at a location includes a set of processing steps. The method begins upon receipt of bulk C&D debris at the location. The bulk C&D debris is sorted into at least a first portion for further processing, and a second portion that is set aside. The first portion is then processed into a substantially homogenous wood waste material having particles of a given size by the unordered steps of shredding, screening, metals separation and flotation. The substantially homogenous wood waste material is then dried so that the particles have moisture content within a desired range. The wood waste material particles are then delivered into a molten metal bath at a submerged depth for gasification. Preferably, the process operates in a continuous or partially-continuous manner within a given facility, or within co-located facilities.
A magnetic water generator with varied polarization ratios, comprises a magnetization assembly including at least one set of N pole magnetization unit and S pole magnetization unit; one side of each of the N pole magnetization unit and S pole magnetization unit having a water inlet for inputting filtering water; another side of each of the N pole magnetization unit and S pole magnetization unit having a respective water outlet; the filtered water flowing through the gaps being outputted from the water outlets to a respective transmission tube; each of the water outlets being connected with a respective transmission tube; and an electronic flow dispatching unit or a dispatching control disk for inputting water from the N pole magnetization unit and S pole magnetization unit and mixing the water with different ratios so as to have different polarization ratio.
An apparatus for removing iron powder from rolling oil used in a rolling mill has less trouble and ensures easy maintenance and long lifetime as well as improved workability. Each part combined to the apparatus can be moved and worked individually so as to facilitate repair while enhancing the effect of removing iron powder from the rolling oil. The apparatus includes a magnetic unit that is vertically supported on a frame and moved up and down by elevating means to be located inside or above the oil tank, and a scraper unit disposed at one side of the frame so as to be transverse to the magnetic unit. The scraper unit includes a scraper separating iron powder from the surface of the magnetic unit, and a chute positioned under the scraper to collect and convey iron powder.
A coolant recycling system is disclosed, including a chiller and a coolant filtering unit. The chiller includes a coolant tank, a compressor, a condenser and an expansion valve. The coolant tank includes an evaporator, a coolant outlet and an coolant inlet. The evaporator, the compressor, the condenser and the expansion valve are connected in sequence to form a refrigerant loop. The coolant filtering unit includes an unfiltered storage container, a dehydration filter and a filtered storage container. The unfiltered storage container is connected to the coolant outlet and the filtered storage container is connected to the coolant inlet.
The present invention is a stationary pool skimming apparatus that uses the flow of water in a pool to collect free flowing debris from the water in the pool. In one embodiment, a pool skimming apparatus for collecting debris from water in a pool includes a frame having a net attached thereto. A first end of the frame includes a compression mechanism. The compression mechanism is adapted for being connected to a skimmer port of the pool such that the frame and net extend into the pool in a manner enabling the net of the pool skimming apparatus to collect debris from the water in the pool. The compression mechanism operates in either of an inverted position and a non-inverted position.
A process for producing a chromatographic stationary phase for use in reversed-phase chromatography. Chromatographic stationary phases prepared according to the methods of the current invention and liquid chromatography columns, which include the stationary phases, are also provided.
A seal ring holder for membrane elements which is capable of attaining an increase in the area of membranes packed per element; and a membrane element using the seal ring holder, are provided. The seal ring holder for membrane elements which is disposed at an end part of a spiral wound membrane element to hold a ring seal ring on the outer periphery thereof while allowing a raw liquid to flow into a membrane end part of the membrane element, includes: a first ring part which has a side wall facing an upstream-side membrane end part of the membrane element and is inserted into an end part of a sheathing member of the membrane element; a projecting ring part which has been formed upstream from the first ring part and has side walls respectively on both sides, an edge face of the sheathing member and the downstream-side edge face of the seal ring being fixable respectively to the side walls; a second ring part which is formed upstream from the projecting ring part and to the outer periphery of which the seal ring is to be fitted; and a third ring part which is formed upstream from the second ring part and to which the upstream-side end face of the seal ring is fixable.
A membrane includes a porous base membrane and a hydrophilic coating. The coating comprises a hydrophilic additive and a hydrophilic polymer derivatized with an electron beam reactive group adapted to form a radical under high energy irradiation. In some embodiments, the membrane comprises a fluoropolymer. Also disclosed are processes for forming the membrane.
Entrapping immobilization pellets for purifying breeding water in an aquarium to breed aquatic animals, wherein the entrapping immobilization pellets have a phosphorus content of 0.05 mass % or less.
Systems and methods for wastewater treatment. A nitrate source may be dosed to a collection tank, such as a wet well, for downstream control of hydrogen sulfide levels in the wastewater. A source of a strong oxidizer may also be dosed to the wet well. The oxidizer, such as chlorite, may temporarily interrupt denitrification processes in the wet well to prevent floatation of undesirable constituents therein. The oxidizer dosage may be generally consistent with the nitrate dosage. An ORP sensor may facilitate regulation of dosing. The nitrate and the oxidizer may be present in a single mixture to be dosed to the wet well.
A method of controlling fouling of a reverse osmosis membrane disposed in an aqueous medium by an inorganic foulant involves providing a fouling control agent comprising an acidic polysaccharide such as alginic acid fouling control agent dissolved in the aqueous medium in an amount effective to reduce, reverse, or prevent fouling by an inorganic foulant.
A method is disclosed for filtering a protein in a liquid mixture in a manner that does not substantially damage or otherwise limit the recovery of the protein in the filtration filtrate. The method generally includes passing a liquid mixture containing a protein (e.g., an aqueous vWF mixture) through a filter while applying a counter pressure to the liquid mixture filtrate to accurately reduce and control the pressure differential across the filter. The disclosed method has the advantage that relatively high filtration flow rates can be achieved at relatively low pressure differentials, in contrast to high pressure differentials, which actually reduce the filtration flow rate of protein liquid mixtures. Further, the method can recover substantially all of the protein that is initially present in the liquid mixture.
Embodiments in accordance with the present invention provide forming polynorbornenes useful for forming pervaporation membranes, the membranes themselves and methods of making such membranes.
A microfiltration apparatus and method for separating cells, such as circulating tumor cells, from a sample using a microfiltration device having a top porous membrane and a bottom porous membrane. The porous membranes are formed from parylene and assembled using microfabrication techniques. The porous membranes are arranged so that the pores in the top membrane are offset from the pores in the bottom membrane.
A batch reverse osmosis system in fluid communication with a fluid reservoir and a method for operating the same includes a first housing having an inlet valve in fluid communication with the fluid reservoir. The system also includes a pressure vessel having an elongated liner with a first end and a second end, a membrane disposed within the second end having a membrane inlet, a membrane outlet disposed at the second end and a permeate outlet. The system also includes a recirculation recirculation device disposed within the first end of the elongated liner. The recirculation recirculation device defines a fluid volume between the recirculation recirculation device and the membrane adjacent to the membrane inlet. The system includes a plunger disposed within the housing and an actuator. The housing and the plunger define a chamber. The plunger is coupled to the actuator. The system further includes a hollow pipe coupled to the actuator, whereby the plunger, the hollow pipe and the recirculation device move in response to the actuator. The hollow pipe has a port. The hollow pipe communicates fluid between the chamber within the housing and the fluid volume within the pressure vessel.
The present invention involves a water-based vessel for the production of desalinated water and concentrated brine. The former is usable for drinking water in areas that lack sufficient potable water, while the latter may be used as fuel in electricity production. The invention additionally includes capabilities of providing electricity, food, and lodging in response to emergency conditions.
A method for processing wastewater is provided. The method includes concentrating a flow of the wastewater using a reverse osmosis process membrane, and evaporating the concentrated flow to produce at least distillate and solids.
Multi-layered macromolecules wherein the layers are covalently bonded together and wherein the macromolecules are covalently bonded to solid particulate substrates, methods for the preparation of such compositions, and methods for their uses in a multitude of end use applications ranging from the purification of waste chemical and metal process streams to the separation and identification of proteins, peptides, and oligionucleotides.
A filter for removing soluble, colloidal, and insoluble particles from a fluid, including lead using a first filter media for filtering soluble material from the fluid, a second filter media, adjacent and in fluid communication with, the first filter media, for filtering soluble material from said fluid, wherein the first and second filter media create a physical non-soluble particle barrier at their interface for capturing non-soluble particles, that when retained at the interface, become soluble over time in the fluid, and are subsequently removed by the second filter media. At least one of the filter media can be fibrillated nanofibers that are loaded with finely subdivided media of powdered ion exchange resins. A third filter media may be placed between the first and second filter media to enhance capturing and dissolving the physical non-soluble particles.
A water transfer device can include first and second flow paths separated by a water transfer membrane and a hydrophilic diffusion medium. The hydrophilic diffusion medium is disposed between the water transfer membrane and the first flow path. Water content of a first fluid stream flowing through the first flow path is transferred through the diffusion medium and water transfer membrane and into a second fluid stream flowing through the second flow path. The hydrophilic diffusion medium is operable to absorb liquid water in the first fluid stream and hold the absorbed liquid water in contact with the water transfer membrane. The hydrophilic diffusion medium is also operable to diffuse water vapor in the first fluid stream and transport the water vapor to the water transfer membrane. The water transfer membrane transfers the water in contact therewith to the second fluid stream flowing through second flow path.
A display for a group of semi-rigid to semi-flaccid sheet goods has a base, and a pair of parallel sidewalls that extend upward from the base a spaced distance from each other that is smaller than the width of the sheet goods. A plurality of channels is fixed to each sidewall so that each channel is perpendicular to the base and points toward the other sidewall at a uniform inclined angle. The angle of the channels is such that one of the sheet goods can be received between opposing pairs of the channels when curved in an arc. This arcuate presentation of the semi-rigid to semi-flaccid sheet goods ensures that the sheet goods will remain erect for an extended period of time while situated in the display.
Wafer boat for holding semiconductor wafers in a spaced vertical arrangement during processing, said wafer boat comprising a plurality of vertically spaced holding positions for receiving and supporting said wafers in a substantially horizontal orientation, wherein the holding positions can be accessed from a front side of the wafer boat to allow for insertion and removal of a wafer, wherein at least one holding position comprises a back support for engaging a back side portion of a wafer and two lateral supports for engaging opposite lateral side portions of the wafer, and wherein the back support is disposed at a lower position than said two lateral supports such that sagging of a front side portion of an inserted wafer near the front side of the wafer boat due to gravity is at least partially compensated for.
A display device for displaying a number of samples. The display device may include a vertical member, a number of display cells with samples thereon positioned on the vertical member, and a number of hanging displays with samples thereon positioned on the vertical member.
A stand for a surfboard includes an upper member and a lower member. The upper member is comprised of at least two members. The lower member is comprised of a first distal end and a second distal end. The upper member is connected with the lower member at the first distal end of the lower member.
A sliding rail of a pull-out guide includes a sliding rail defining a front end, a rear end, a top, a bottom, and longitudinally-extending slot on the bottom. The sliding rail also includes a molded part. The molded part includes a spring steel strip configured to define a central web with a top end and a bottom end, a rounded portion defined at the bottom end, the rounded portion extending below the bottom of the sliding rail, and a loop-like section defined at the top end, the loop-like section protruding above the top of the sliding rail, toward the rear end of the sliding rail. The rounded portion engages the bottom of the sliding rail and the loop-like section engages the top of the sliding rail so that the molded part is secured to and covers the front end of the sliding rail.
A towel rack has a front section, multiple transversal rods and two positioning elements. The front section is U-shaped with two side tubes and is formed by a soldered metal tube. Multiple engaging holes are defined on inner sides of the side tubes of the front section in pairs so that each transversal rod is inserted into a pair of the engaging holes for assembly. Each positioning element is a rod with a semicircular cross-section and is inserted into the side tube to abut the ends of the transversal rods for compressing and positioning the transversal rods. Thereby, the towel rack is easy in processing and assembly to improve utility.
A shelving system can include adjustable shelves with drain holes. The shelving system, which can be in the configuration of a shower caddy or shower organizer, can have shelf members with a plurality of flanges capable of attaching to horizontal connecting members on a separate central support member to allow for both lateral and vertical shelf adjustment. The shelving system can also have removable stainless steel shelf inserts with draining channels.
The present invention relates to support structures, and in particular, to structures that can be used to support one or more objects. The structures can be used to support objects in a variety of positions and in a variety of manners. The structures can be used in different environments to easily store objects. In addition, the structures can be used to provide space convenience for travelers.
A merchandiser rack comprising a rear storage module having a storage area including at least one shelf and at least two display modules. The display modules have shelves, with at least a portion of the rear of the display modules having shelves being open to allow stocking of the shelves from the rear. The display modules are pivotally connected to the rear storage module to allow the display modules to be rotated relative to the rear storage module between an open position and a closed position. The open position allows access to the rear of the display modules. The merchandiser rack, when in the closed position, has an outside periphery, and the display modules are not accessible through the rear of the display modules from the outside periphery along any horizontal line.
A load balancing hoist constructed to combine the power module and the travel module of the hoist into a single unit to substantially reduce the cost and the length of the hoist without effecting its operation and application.
A sports bottle with concentrate cup removably coupled thereto by a female coupling ring.
A replaceable bottle cap assembly includes a body that conforms to the top of a threaded beverage container, the assembly including an internally threaded portion that mates with the threaded neck of the beverage container. A hinged cap of the assembly provides selective access to the contents of the attached bottle wherein the assembly is sealingly and releasably attached to the container.
There is described a closure for use with a container neck. The closure comprises a cap and an insert. The insert is adapted to be permanently adhered to the container neck and has a sealing surface. The cap comprises a complimentary sealing surface for sealable engagement with the sealing surface provided on the insert and engagement means for releasable engagement with complimentary engagement means provided on the container neck.
The present disclosure provides a container and a method of making a container. In one example, the container includes an upper portion having a finish defining a longitudinal axis and an opening into the container. A shoulder region is integrally formed with and extends from the upper portion. A sidewall portion extends from the shoulder region to a base portion. A tamper evident (TE) band is formed on the finish and defines an outermost surface of the plastic container above the shoulder region. A neck defining a cylindrical sidewall is integrally formed with and extends between the finish and the shoulder region. The neck defines a uniform cylindrical sidewall along its entire height between the finish and the shoulder region. The container further includes a debossed support flange defined on the upper portion. The debossed support flange defines a diameter less than a diameter defined by the TE band.
The invention is directed to an expandable stent for implantation in a body lumen, such as an artery, and a method for making it from a single length of tubing. The stent consists of a plurality of radially expandable cylindrical elements generally aligned on a common axis and interconnected by one or more interconnective elements. The individual radially expandable cylindrical elements consist of ribbon-like material disposed in an undulating pattern. Portions of the expanded stent project outwardly into engagement with the vessel wall to more securely attach the stent.
There is disclosed a method, system, and screen for reducing solder voids on circuit boards. In an embodiment, there is provided a method of reducing solder voids on a circuit board, comprising: locating via holes provided at a conductive landing pad; and covering at least some of the via holes with a coating, whereby gases from the covered via holes are prevented from expanding and forming voids. In another embodiment, the method further comprises covering the location of at least some of the via holes in a pattern of strips, whereby more of the via holes may be covered by the coating while reducing areas of the conductive landing pad covered by the coating. In another embodiment, the coating and removal process may be performed at the same time as when all other areas of the circuit board are coated and removed, such that a separate manufacturing step is not required.
A method comprises a first multilayer body forming step of forming a first multilayer body on a first cladding layer, the first multilayer body including a core layer and a first polishing stop layer in order from the first cladding layer side; a first multilayer body patterning step of pattering the first multilayer body, so as to expose the first cladding layer about the patterned first multilayer body; a second multilayer body forming step of forming a second multilayer body on the exposed first cladding layer and patterned first multilayer body, the second multilayer body including a second cladding layer and a second polishing stop layer in order from the first cladding layer side; and a removing step of polishing away a part of the second multilayer body formed on the first multilayer body.
A method of checking a substrate edge processing apparatus, which can accurately check the state of the substrate edge processing apparatus. The thickness of an organic film formed on a surface of a substrate is measured, and a predetermined process in which undesired substance attached to an edge of the substrate is removed is carried out on a predetermined portion of the organic film using the substrate edge processing apparatus. The film thickness of the predetermined portion is then measured. The removal amount of the organic film is calculated based on the measurement results, and the performance of the substrate edge processing apparatus is evaluated based on the calculated removal amount.
Certain exemplary embodiments can provide a system, which can comprise a wafer that defines an opening. The wafer can be adapted to be operatively installed between a mechanical portion of a circuit breaker and an electronic portion of the circuit breaker. When installed, the wafer can be adapted to receive a protrusion of the mechanical portion of the circuit breaker.
A welding guide nozzle for precision weld positioning of a feedstock material in a welding system. The welding guide nozzle includes a nozzle structure defining a substantially cylindrical holding apparatus that tapers at one end to define a nozzle tip. The holding apparatus and the nozzle tip include concentric bores defined therein. An erosion resistant rod is disposed within the bore defined in the nozzle tip. The erosion resistant rod includes a bore defined therein into with the weld feedstock material is disposed. The erosion resistant material is formed of a high heat resistive material thereby permitting positioning in close proximity to a heat source.
A gas metal arc welding system comprising, and a method of welding a plurality of workpieces utilizing, a plurality of individually selectable and separately controlled wire feeds, wherein the feeds preferably present differing wire diameters and compositions and predetermined wire contributions are combined during welding so as to present a weld pool and joint having aggregate properties.
The formation of a bellows made up of a stack of a predetermined number of ring-convolutions and having an intermediate plate supported within said stack is achieved by supplying several thin metal rings, each having inner and outer edges. A pair of these metal rings are positioned in contiguous relationship and their adjacent inside edges are welded together to form a ring-convolution. This process is repeated until a sufficient number of ring-convolutions are made to eventually make the desired bellows. Before these separate ring-convolutions are fused to each other, an intermediate plate and a support ring are made. The intermediate plate is a disc of metal that is sized smaller than the inside diameter of the rings and is secured to the support ring. The support ring is then positioned between two formed ring-convolutions in contiguous relationship and the three abutting outside edges are welded to each other to form a support plate convolution. The already made ring-convolutions and the support plate convolution are then stacked in the desired order and in contiguous relationship. All not-yet welded adjacent outside edges of said ring-convolutions and said support plate convolution are then welded to form the bellows. A bottom plate is formed and welded to the outside edge of the bottommost ring-convolution and a top ring is finally welded to the uppermost convolution to complete the bellows. The top ring is meant to be welded to a base plate of an infusion pump.
Electrode assemblies for plasma reactors include a structure or device for constraining an arc endpoint to a selected area or region on an electrode. In some embodiments, the structure or device may comprise one or more insulating members covering a portion of an electrode. In additional embodiments, the structure or device may provide a magnetic field configured to control a location of an arc endpoint on the electrode. Plasma generating modules, apparatus, and systems include such electrode assemblies. Methods for generating a plasma include covering at least a portion of a surface of an electrode with an electrically insulating member to constrain a location of an arc endpoint on the electrode. Additional methods for generating a plasma include generating a magnetic field to constrain a location of an arc endpoint on an electrode.
A device for preventive treatment of an optical surface designed to be exposed to a laser flow including a thermal excitation source for providing a localized thermal annealing of a site of the optical surface) by means of a beam applied to the site. The device further includes a measuring member for measuring, in real time said during said localized thermal annealing, a quantity representing the temperature of the site of the optical surface) and at least one control member for increasing the linear power density of the beam applied to the site by the excitation source and, when the quantity reaches a predetermined set point, for gradually decreasing the linear power density.
A method of cutting material for use in an implantable medical device employs a plotted laser cutting system. The laser cutting system is computer controlled and includes a laser combined with a motion system. The laser precisely cuts segments out of source material according to predetermined pattern as designated by the computer. The segments are used in constructing implantable medical devices. The cutting energy of the laser is selected so that the cut edges of the segments are melted to discourage delamination or fraying, but communication of thermal energy into the segment beyond the edge is minimized to avoid damaging the segment adjacent the edge.
A laser material processing system and method are provided. A further aspect of the present invention employs a laser for micromachining. In another aspect of the present invention, the system uses a hollow waveguide. In another aspect of the present invention, a laser beam pulse is given broad bandwidth for workpiece modification.
A system and method for configuring a tungsten inert gas (TIG) welding system includes a user interface to receive characteristics of the workpiece to select operational parameters for the TIG welding process. The characteristics of the workpiece may include workpiece composition or workpiece thickness. Workpiece material is translated to an output welding-type power that is alternating current (AC) power or direct current (DC) power. Workpiece thickness is translated to a specific output amperage. The operator does not need to have knowledge of operational parameters of the TIG welding system and can configured the system using workpiece characteristics.
A method is provided for monitoring and controlling the process consistency of an arc welding process. The weld voltage signal is monitored and analyzed to determine the occurrence of the detachment of a weld droplet. The weld droplet detachment is determined via statistical techniques as having occurred at a normal interval following a prior detachment indicating consistent weld process or as a sporadic detachment having occurred at an irregular interval with respect to the prior detachment and indicating inconsistent weld process. The weld process is adjusted by controlling the weld process variables to maximize the predominance of droplet detachment at normal intervals and minimize the occurrence of the sporadic detachments.
A waterproof, electrically heated, multi-layered article of apparel that is heated by a flexible heating harness that is disposed between the layers of the article and is constructed from silver-plated filaments. Uniquely, the flexible heating harness is sandwiched between a pair of waterproof bladders. The article of apparel has a plurality of heat zones with wattages and amperages required to heat the various zones of the hands to optimum temperatures as determined by the physiology of the human hand.
A high-temperature tube furnace for pyrolysis includes a twin-hole ceramic tube including a pyrolysis capillary concentrically arranged within a sintering heat tube which is concentrically arranged within a thermally insulated tube housing. At least one heating tube holding element that is electrically insulative and high-temperature resistant is provided and includes at least three pins disposed radially about the sintering heating tube. Each pin is mounted to the tube housing via a clamp in such a way that the pins are adjustable in the radial direction so that the sintering heating tube is removably disposed between the tips of the pins. The sintering heating tube is connected to a voltage source for applying a heating current to thereto.
An apparatus and related method are provided for a manufacturing process including heating of a processed part. A resistance heating assembly applies an electrical current to a work part comprising a sheet of high-tensile steel having a heat-resistant plating to improve formability. A heating control system regulates the electrical current to the work part in order to control the temperature of the work part. A temperature detector detects a temperature of the work part and generates feedback to the heating control system in order to regulate the electrical current. An electrical resistance detector measures an electrical resistance within the work part and generates feedback to the heating control system in order to regulate the electrical current.
An electrical heating device has an integrally manufactured support made from insulating material. Depressed paths for introducing a heating element are provided. A klixon functioning as a thermally actuated switch is inserted from above into an opening in the central area of the support and its electrical terminals project over the bottom side and are bent round for mechanical fixing.
An induction heatable server comprises a base element having a bottom wall and a peripheral wall defining an upwardly opening cavity in which are disposed a heat retentive disc and a ring member which is bonded to the peripheral wall. A top element extends over the ring member and seals the cavity. The top element is bonded to the peripheral wall of the base element and the ring member to preclude moisture penetration into the cavity.
A method of heat treating a component is disclosed. The method may heat a first feature of the component and heat a second feature of the component differently than the first feature. The method may measure a temperature value of the first feature and of the second feature. The method may also compare the measured temperature values to a threshold temperature value. The method may modify the heating of at least one of the first and second features based on the comparison.
A combination microwave and refrigerator system is constructed having a single plug input supply. The microwave oven is adapted to provide power to a refrigerator, and to auxiliary receptacles adapted for low power operation. The current to the low power receptacles and the refrigerator is controlled by the controller for the microwave oven according to the duty cycles of the connected appliances to avoid overload conditions.
In a cooking device for cooking an object to be heated, a first operation section is provided to a lower portion of a door, and a second operation section is provided to an upper portion on a front face of a cooking device body so as to be exposed in spite of the door being opened or closed. Numeric keys for accepting a selection from a plurality of recipes stored in advance and start keys for accepting a start of heating are provided to the first and second operation sections redundantly. Therefore, in a case of when the door closes, the first and second operation sections can be used in parallel, allowing arrangement of many keys to have good operability.
A microwavable material having a structure that may be used to enhance the browning and crisping, and thus improve the taste and appearance, of a food item cooked therein. The material may be in the form of a sheet material or formed as a container such as a bag, pouch, or other suitable structure. The material may comprise one or more features that help bring the material into close contact with the food item and help conform the bag around the food item. Furthermore, the material may comprise a structure that avoids substantial contact with liquid released by a food item, may have a venting system suitable for the exiting of moisture, may have a coating, a transparent surface, and when formed as a container, may have a gusseted surface.
A heating cooker having a box-like cooking chamber for receiving an object to be cooked, and a hot air generator having an electric heater heat source and a blower. Hot air produced by the hot air generator is caused to impinge on the object as a high-speed jet flow from nozzle holes formed in a ceiling plate of the cooking chamber. The hot air after the impingement is sucked by the blower from hot-air suction openings formed in left and right sidewall lower sections of the cooking chamber and is returned for recirculation to the hot-air generator.
A wall component for use in building structures preferably provides a rear panel which is insulated. This panel preferably provides an improved R value to the housing which has traditionally been a thermal short in many applications. The panel preferably extends significantly beyond a perimeter of the cavity of the housing on three sides. A fourth side of the housing may have a side insulating panel connected thereto to assist in preventing thermal shorts. Finally, an air seal can be provided between dry wall and a flange extending around no more than three sides of the housing.
A vertically-aligned organizer comprising a backpanel a plurality of bellowed sectionalized compartments; and a coupling mechanism adapted to removably couple the plurality of sectionalized compartments to the backpanel. The backpanel of one embodiment is comprised of (i) a front surface adapted to align in a generally vertical direction, (ii) a top edge, (iii) at least one bore, and (iv) a generally flexible material. A method of organizing articles using a vertically-aligned organizer of may comprise placing the backpanel front surface in a generally vertical position, coupling the backpanel to one of a wall, a door, and a frame, coupling the plurality of bellowed sectionalized compartments to the backpanel front surface, and placing articles within the plurality of bellowed sectionalized compartments.
An adjustable dispensing cap for a container has a housing having an outwardly extending flange, an insert mounted for rotation within the housing, and a separate collar including a ring having an outer edge, an inwardly projecting flange for contacting a projecting flange portion of the dispensing cap, and an interior surface including coupling elements for coupling the collar and dispensing cap to said container opening. The separate collar can include an overcap integrally formed with the ring and including a rim portion selectively engable with the ring out edge, the overcap having a side wall and an end face coupled to the overcap rim, the overcap being coupled to the ring so that the overcap can be repeatedly moved between a closed position covering the ring and an open position permitting access to the container mouth.
A plug structure is provided that can be installed on a container in which the thread of a container inlet for installing a cap is an outer thread, and furthermore, bubbles are not produced at the fluid surface inside the container even during fluid circulation. In a plug structure that is used in a container in which the thread of the container inlet for attaching the cap is an external thread, that is installed on the container inlet, that is capable of removing a fluid inside the container by using the siphon hose method, and that is capable of circulating the fluid that is inside the container, a fluid circulation path is provided that causes a fluid that is returning into the container during fluid circulation to fall along an external wall of a siphon hose during fluid removal.
A combined vented container and collection bag for use during debris collecting, transporting and removal procedures includes a portable container having a closed bottom end and an open top end. The container has an outer surface continuously spanning along a circumference of the container such that a cavity is formed intermediately of the bottom and top end. The top end has a top rim continuously extending about the entire perimeter. The outer and inner surfaces of the container have several vent openings to allow air to enter and exit the container. Also, a manually-operable mechanism is provided for regulating air flow into and out from the container.
A carrier, advantageous for carrying pill bottles and the like. The carrier comprises a web bearing a plurality of upwardly open, generally parallel pockets. A strap engages the web at two spaced apart locations. A fastener such as hook and loop material selectively holds the web in a coiled configuration. The pockets all face upwardly and optionally have windows and individual closures.
A device of the type capable of collecting and retaining multiple expelled vehicle fluids in the event that they are expelled from their engineered location in order to prohibit their release into the environment and for proper later disposal
A refuse container having a metal container body, a polymeric cover having a bottom sized to extend across a lower end of the metal container body and a flange extending upwardly from the bottom and connected to the metal container body so as to close the lower end of the metal container body.
A drinking cup usable by persons having limited physical faculties includes a vessel portion having one or more walls and being closed at a bottom end to define a bottom surface, the vessel portion being configured to retain a liquid; a drinking portion having one or more walls and an open top end from which the liquid located in the vessel portion can be removed, the open top end defining a rim; and a flexible member connecting the vessel portion and the drinking portion. The flexible member facilitates movement of the drinking portion relative to the vessel portion.
A drinking cup having a vessel, a partition positioned within the vessel and a clip coupled with the vessel. The vessel has a side wall and bottom defining an interior configured to retain liquid. The partition divides the interior of the vessel into at least two compartments. The clip is configured to receive at least one drinking straw.
A drinking vessel that provides a reward to the child when the drinking vessel is emptied. A generally cylindrical drinking vessel being entirely clear or having a clear section and a picture at the bottom of the cylinder. An insert that floats on the liquid displaying a picture located on the outer surface of the insert corresponds to the picture on the vessel and lowers with the liquid as it is consumed causing the pictures to mesh into an end result. Such insert can contain a hole in the middle for a straw. Both vessel and insert can contain the means for guiding the insert to mesh with the picture.
A tool positioning pad has a body, at least one positioning slot and two containing recesses. The body is a plastic foam block and corresponds to and is normally mounted in a tool box. The at least one positioning slot is formed in the body and each position slot has two ends and at least one non-straight section. Each non-straight section may be arced or curved and is integrally formed longitudinally in the positioning slot and has a convex inner sidewall. When a thin tool such as a spanner is placed into a positioning slot, the convex inner sidewall is deformed to press and securely hold the spanner inside the positioning slot.
A container for installation in a vehicle has a housing and a lid mounted pivotably on the housing and connected operatively via a gear to a spring device prestressing the lid in an opening direction and supported on the housing. A cardiod control moves and locks the lid. It is in this case important that the cardiod of the cardiod control is disposed continuously on an outer circumference of a shaft having the spring device and co-operates with a movable pin arranged on the housing side.
A system for storing a plurality of solid objects and dispensing the solid objects into a plurality of containers. The system comprises non-automated dispensing cells, physically actuated to dispense solid objects one at a time into one of the containers, and automated dispensing cells, electrically actuated to dispense solid objects from a holding tank simultaneously in bulk into one of the containers. The automated dispensing cells may independently dispense objects into the holding tank one at a time while a manipulator arm of the system simultaneously brings a container to one of the non-automated or automated dispensing cells. Then, when the manipulator arm brings a container to one of the automated dispensing cells, the solid objects may be dispensed into the container in bulk by simply opening a gate mechanism.
An improved chip dispensing container for distributing, storing and serving tube-stacked chip articles includes a rigid tubular case, a sling inside the case, a, handle outside the case and cables connecting the sling to the handle. The cables pass in contact with bearings near the rim of the container on their courses between sling and handle such that moving the handle downward from an initial position near the rim, pulls on the cables and thereby hoists the sling upward from an initial position near the bottom of the container. Conversely the sling is lowered by moving the handle upward. The stack of chips resting on the sling can thus be raised or lowered by manipulating the handle to controllably access all of the chips in a tube-stacked chip array. The container can be used to package, store and serve stackable, chip shaped products such as potato crisps, cookies, candy disks and wafers
The tablet distribution apparatus includes an apparatus body having a pass-through channel through which an auxiliary tray is inserted into the pass-through channel, a distribution board mounted at the top of the apparatus body such that the distribution board vertically communicates with the pass-through channel, the distribution board having distribution through-holes of the same size and number as tablet receiving grooves of the auxiliary tray, each distribution through-hole being provided at the inside thereof with a lamp mounted therein, a display window mounted at the top of the apparatus body, and a control unit mounted at the apparatus body for selectively lighting the lamps depending upon the number of medicine packs to be prepared by patients according to the information of preparation inputted to a server computer.
An apparatus for dispensing flavors to beverages or food products is provided. A programmable pump apparatus allows for dispensing a varying amount of a selected flavor in response to user input. A main tower is mountable on countertops or other work surfaces such as a home, office, or food preparation area, and allows users to select one or more flavors and control the amount of flavor dispensed. The apparatus may comprise buttons that can be programmed for pour and hold with a specified time-out and a guard time delay to prevent accidental dispensing of flavor.
An invention is provided for a manually controllable produce stent. The manually controllable produce stent includes a fluid control mechanism capable of stopping a flow of fluid and also allowing a flow of fluid through the fluid control mechanism. In addition, the manually controllable produce stent includes a stent body in fluid communication with the fluid control mechanism. The stent body is capable of stenting an organic membrane of a hollowed organic container and includes a hollow interior capable of providing fluid to the fluid control mechanism. Optionally, a serrated cutting aperture can be disposed at an end of the stent body opposite the fluid control mechanism, which is capable of cutting an opening in the organic membrane of the hollowed organic container.
There is a toothpaste tube with flexible wall that deforms under atmospheric pressure. One end of the tube is closed and the other end has a head attached with an opening for dispensing. Inside the tube at the head there is a resilient dispensing member extending along a small fraction of the tube length. The dispensing member has a cavity to accommodate the paste. In the first embodiment, the dispensing member has two prongs extending from the head on the two flatter sides of the tube. The dispensing member can be squeezed together with the tube by hand or between fingers to reduce the size of its cavity and dispense the paste through the opening. Upon release of hand or finger pressure, the dispensing member returns to the original shape and brings its adjacent part of the tube into original shape. The expansion of the dispensing member and the tube adjacent to it creates a vacuum that pulls the paste from the farther parts of the tube and fills the cavity and the tube at the opening end. The tube deforms uniformly under atmospheric pressure and will be ready for next dispensing.
In the second embodiment, the dispensing member is a thin wall tube.
In the third embodiment, the tube wall near the head is made thicker or more resilient than the rest of the tube and functions as the dispensing member.
A fluid dispenser formed of a bottle for housing the fluid, a discharge mechanism for discharging fluid from the bottle, and a protrusion that is connected to and extends from the bottom of the bottle. The protrusion has a diameter that is smaller than the diameter of the bottom wall of the bottle. The bottle is capable of standing upward on a horizontal surface without the use of a separate base or mount when the protrusion extends into an aperture in the horizontal surface such that the bottom wall of the bottle rests on the horizontal surface.
A foam pump includes a piston housing and a piston assembly received in the piston housing thereby defining a collapsible liquid chamber and a collapsible air chamber. The piston assembly includes a premix chamber separated from both the collapsible liquid chamber and the collapsible air chamber by a premix chamber wall and fluidly communicating with both the collapsible liquid chamber and the collapsible air chamber through a mix aperture in the premix chamber wall. A biasing member urges the piston assembly to a non-actuated position. The foam pump is actuated by urging the piston assembly against the biasing member to an actuated position in which the collapsible air chamber and the collapsible liquid chamber are reduced in volume such that air and foamable liquid are expelled from their respective collapsible air chamber and collapsible liquid chamber through the mix aperture. The simultaneous movement of the air and foamable liquid through the mix aperture causes a turbulent mixing thereof.
A silicon gel dispensing device has a barrel connected with a compressor and having a discharging tube, a container mounted inside the barrel and connected securely to the discharging tube and a driver mounted beside the barrel and having an extendable axle attached to a piston of the container. The axle selectively pushes the piston to keep the piston closely abutting the silicon gel inside the container. So that high-pressured air inside the barrel for pressuring the piston is hardly permeating through a slight gap formed between the container and piston. Thus bubbles mixed with the silicon gel are avoided and silicon gel residue and uneven application surface occurring due to bubbles are effectively prevented too.
An improved structure for dispensing pump to dispense the liquid content out of a container is composed of a main body, a L shaped discharge tube and an clean safe cap. The main body has a recessed compartment formed at the front portion thereof, and is in communication with a flow path formed in the main body. The L shaped discharge tube has an angled nozzle at one end and a coupler head at the other end, and the former is in communication with the latter with a flow path. The coupler head of the L shaped discharge tube is inserted into the compartment such that the flow path of the main body can be communicated with that of the L shaped discharge tube. Then afterwards the clean safe cap is covered over the angled nozzle. The clean safe lid has a cap attached to its lower end and the lid is provided with a cock inside.
A dispenser may include a hinged pump mechanism which allows a pump head to rotate about the hinge mechanism during actuation of a pump.
An aerosol device for dispensing texture material for matching existing acoustical ceiling texture. The device comprises a container, a valve assembly, a dispensing nozzle, a hardenable material, and pressurized inert gas as a propelling mechanism. The hardenable material and pressurized inert gas are placed into the container. When the valve assembly is opened, the inert gas forces the hardenable material out of the container through the dispensing nozzle. The dispensing nozzle diverts at least a portion of the hardenable material exiting the container to develop a spray suitable for the application of the hardenable material onto the ceiling surface being textured. The hardenable material preferably comprises at least water, filler, binder, and polystyrene particles. The inert gas is preferably nitrogen.
A hat pallet for use in a printer which prints an image onto a hat of the type having a cap and a brim attached thereto includes a bottom plate and a top plate mountable in a closed position over the bottom plate. The bottom plate includes a printing plate and a brim support fixedly mounted thereon. The top plate has an opening exposing at least a portion of the printing plate when the top plate is in the closed position. The brim support is positioned relative to the printing plate such that when the hat is mounted in the pallet with the top plate in the closed position, a portion of the cap on which the image is to be printed is supported on the printing plate and exposed through the opening of the top plate and the underside of the brim of the hat is supported by the brim support.
Scented holding device systems, attacher systems, including attachment piece systems and attachment piece part systems, and devices used in the systems, including hangers. Scented hangers with widened shoulder areas, top oval area and center bar, and side hooks.
Disclosed is an apparatus for hanging articles and the method of manufacturing the apparatus includes a hanger body having first and second paperboard panels separated from one another by a fold line. The first paperboard panel includes a central tab extending from a periphery thereof opposite the fold line. A polymeric hook portion engages with the hanger body and includes a support portion and a hook base, the hook base having an alignment aperture formed therein through which the central tab of the first paperboard panel is inserted so as to provide means for securing the polymeric hook to the hanger body. In a preferred embodiment, apparatus for hanging articles and the hook portion are made from recycled or recyclable material.
An apparatus for carrying one or more suspended items includes a unitary disc-shaped object having first and second arcuate portions each with first and second ends, and an intermediate portion extending between and interconnecting the first and second arcuate portions. The apparatus further includes a strap attached to the disc-shaped object. The first and second arcuate portions together define a generally circular profile of the disc-shaped object. Respective first ends of the first and second arcuate portions are disposed adjacently in opposed relation to one another and respective second ends of the first and second arcuate portions are disposed adjacently in opposed relation to one another, whereby passages are defined between adjacent corresponding ends of the first and second arcuate portions through which a handle of a bag may be received.
An outrigger attached to the side of a truck for carrying surveying rods from location to location without disassembly. The outrigger utilizes a standard stake pocket on the bed of the truck and a bungee cord hooking to the underside of the truck chassis. The surveying rods are supported on the outrigger through a receiver plate with a hole where a section of the stake of the surveying rod may be inserted, and a quick release rubber clamp at its highest point. In the middle are plates partially enclosing the surveying rod, and complete enclosure is achieved by way of an insertable wire lock pin.
A bicycle carrying frame for mounting on a bicycle front fork comprises a first frame member configured for attachment to a first front fork, the frame member comprising a lower attachment formation and an upper attachment formation by means of which the frame member is attachable respectively to a relatively lower mounting location of the fork and a relatively higher mounting location of the fork, one of said attachment formations being a mounting assembly comprising a rotatable element including one or more fixing points, whereby, when the frame member is disposed in a desired orientation with respect to the bicycle, the rotatable element can be rotated by a user to present at least one of the one or more fixing points to the adjacent mounting location.
Disclosed herein are apparatuses for breaking a glass panel unified with a process table which break the glass panel formed with scribing lines along the scribing lines by irradiating laser beams. The apparatuses for breaking a glass panel unified with a process table to conduct breaking operations of the glass panel after scribing work of the glass panel as one body with the process table are installed on both sides of the process table included in a transfer-type cutting head laser cutting device. Each apparatus for breaking the glass panel unified with the process table comprises: breaking bars for cutting the glass panel by applying pressure to cutting sections of the glass panel; rotating devices for rotating the breaking bars by combining with both ends of the breaking bars; and a support equipped with cylinders for vertically moving the rotating devices in both sections.
The conveying unit conveys a long sheet-like subject in its longitudinal direction. The conveying unit includes a stepped roller which has large-diameter portions spaced apart from each other in a direction perpendicular to a direction of conveyance of the sheet-like subject and having a larger diameter than a remainder of the stepped roller being a small-diameter portion of the stepped roller, the large-diameter portions supporting and conveying the sheet-like subject, a closed space forming subunit between the small-diameter portion of the stepped roller and the sheet-like subject and a gas supply subunit for supplying a gas to the closed space. The vacuum deposition device forms a film on a surface of a long substrate by vacuum deposition. The vacuum deposition device includes a vacuum chamber, a conveying device which includes the conveying unit and a film forming unit.
An adjusting device for a nail gun includes a magazine, a shaft, a disc feeder and a positioning assembly. The shaft is mounted in the magazine and has two sliding grooves longitudinally formed respectively in the shaft and multiple positioning recesses formed on the sliding grooves. The disc feeder includes a rotating disc and a sleeve mounted around the shaft and has two mounting holes each corresponding to a positioning recess. The positioning assembly includes a clamp and an E-clip having two stops. The clamp is mounted in the sleeve and has two clamping arms each having a boss. The stops are mounted respectively in the mounting holes, respectively abutting the clamping arms and held by the E-clip. Therefore the magazine can be adjusted in one direction at multiple stages by pulling up and in the other direction by pressing the clamp that releases the stops for easy adjustment.
Disclosed are methods for augmenting tissue, for example membranes such as cardiac leaflets and tissue surrounding a cardiac valve, which in embodiments improve leaflet coaptation. Also disclosed are devices useful for augmenting tissue.
A tacker for applying a rotary tack, including a drive shaft coupled to a trigger, wherein operating the trigger causes rotation of the drive shaft, an articulated applicator arm pivotally connected to the drive shaft at a pivot, the articulated applicator arm including a rotatable output shaft connected to a magazine that holds a rotary tack, and a clutch mechanism which, at initial movement of the trigger, has a first orientation that causes the articulated applicator arm to pivot about the pivot until reaching a stop, and has a second orientation wherein upon continued movement of the trigger, the clutch mechanism permits the drive shaft to rotate the output shaft and cause application of the rotary tack from the magazine.
An ultrasonic welding method includes the acts of pressing an ultrasonic welding stack mounted for linear movement against a first workpiece using an electrical servo motor, applying a predetermined initial load to the first workpiece, and initiating a weld, the initiating of the weld comprising outputting energy from the ultrasonic welding stack to the first workpiece. The method further includes sensing, with at least one sensor, a control variable, outputting a signal corresponding to the sensed control variable to a controller, simultaneously outputting energy from the ultrasonic welding stack to the first workpiece and maintaining a weld distance at or near zero until the signal corresponding to the sensed control variable satisfies a predetermined condition, and applying a controlled force, speed, or a combination of force and speed to said first workpiece with an electrically powered linear actuator to urge said first workpiece against a second workpiece to which said first workpiece is to be joined following satisfaction of said predetermined condition.
A method is provided for a soldering process. The method can include receiving a liquid phase heat transfer medium at a preheating container. The heat transfer medium can be received from an external supply. The method can also include heating the heat transfer medium to or above a predefined temperature that maintains the liquid phase and directing the heated heat transfer medium from the preheating container to an evaporation container. In the evaporation container, the heat transfer medium can be vaporized to convert the heat transfer medium from the liquid phase to a gas phase. Further, the method can include directing the gas phase heat transfer medium from the evaporation container to a solder chamber. The soldering process occurs in the solder chamber.
A solid weld-metal-producing material is formed by agglomerating weld metal material powder. An igniter may be integrally formed in or on the agglomerated weld metal material. In addition to typical components of a weld metal material mixture, such as a reductant metal and a transition metal oxide, the agglomerated weld metal mixture may include a binder material, such as sodium silicate. In addition to functioning as a binder to help hold the agglomerated weld metal material together, the binder material may aid in the exothermic reaction that occurs when the weld metal material is ignited. The agglomerated weld metal material may be made by mixing together a reductant metal powder, a transition metal oxide powder, and possibly a binder solution. A slurry of the components may be pressed together, for example, using a die and a ram, and then may be dried.
A method for securing an article includes the following steps according to which a contactless electronic chip is customized using a management code, this management code possibly being read by means of an appropriate contactless reader of the chip, and said chip is positioned in said article, together with a system for using such a method. The method is characterized in that it also comprises the following steps according to which a secondary secret code associated with the management code is defined, said secondary code being known to the article purchaser, and the authenticity of the article is verified by reading the management code and verifying that the person carrying or wearing the article knows the secondary code. The method is particularly applicable to security of deluxe articles.
When a customer places a special order that changes the content of a product, a receipt printing processing system also produces a special order seal when the sales receipt is printed. The receipt printing processing system has a receipt printer and a label printer that is in communication with the receipt printer. When the receipt printer receives transaction processing data generated by a POS register used to take orders, the receipt printer prints a receipt, determines if special order information is contained in the transaction processing data, and generates seal printing data for printing a special order seal, if the special order information is contained in the transaction processing data. The receipt printer also sends the seal printing data to the label printer for printing a special order seal. Because the receipt printer generates the seal printing data, special order seals can be printed without modifying the application program run by the POS register.
A self-service terminal comprising a plurality of devices is described. The devices comprise: a racking handle for moving that device from an operational position to a maintenance position; a primary visual identifier (such as a bright color) associated with the racking handle, where the primary visual identifier is common for all of the racking handles and is not used for any part of the device except a racking handle; and a secondary visual identifier associated with any other parts of the device that may be safely touched, where the secondary visual identifier is visually distinct (for example, by using a different color) from the primary visual identifier.
A system and method for independently verifying a bank note processor's handling of circulating bank notes. Independent detectors are provided along the transport path of a bank note processing device. Also provided is at least one independent memory storage device for logging data from the independent detectors. As the note passes along the transport path, the independent detectors evaluate the note's fitness. The independent detector data is subsequently provided to the central bank or commercial organization for auditing of the bank note processor and for generating bank note statistics. Independent detectors may also be used on the transport path output bins to corroborate the other detectors and to verify the integrity of the sorting logic. Mirrored independent detectors allow for corroborating independent data. The invention is operable on any bank note processing device that performs at least a subset of a fitness determination on each note.
By splitting a smart card driver into multiple components, with one component residing on the mobile communication device and another component residing on the smart card reader, the smart card reader driver component is enabled to do more than merely relay communication between the mobile communication device and the smart card. By transferring part of the communication handling of the smart card driver to the smart card reader, a reduction in communication over the connection between the smart card reader and mobile communication device advantageously results in a more efficient transaction.
A flexible optic or optical system is deformed using a non-overlapping iris or any of several deformable ring or polygon shapes. In some examples, the deformation of the flexible optic is controlled by one or more actuators comprising a shape memory material. The flexible optic may be used in, e.g. a bar code reader or imager.
A method for receiving a first input signal including an analog bar pattern at a first scan rate and generating a first output signal including digital bar patterns at a second scan rate. A device having a digitizer receiving an analog bar pattern at a first scan rate and outputting, at the first scan rate, a plurality of digital bar patterns corresponding to the analog bar pattern and a processor receiving the plurality of digital bar patterns and generating a modified digital bar pattern at a second scan rate, the modified digital bar pattern including the plurality of digital bar patterns.
An optical system and method for data reading. In one system, a scanner includes a laser diode and a beam splitter for generating first optical beam and a second optical beam, the first optical beam being directed toward one side of a scanning optical element such as a rotating polygon mirror and to a first mirror array, the second optical beam being simultaneously directed toward a second optical element such as another side of the rotating polygon mirror and then to a second and a third mirror array. The first mirror array is configured to generate a scan pattern through a vertical window and the second and third mirror arrays are configured to generate scan patterns passing through a horizontal window. In combination, the three mirror arrays generate three sets of scan lines so as to scan five sides of a six-sided item (e.g., the bottom and all lateral sides of an object) being passed through the scan volume.
Moving image data output from an image sensing device is input. An image display output unit processes the moving image data and displays it on the display screen of a display as a real-time moving image. A decode processing notification unit displays the moving image data output from the image sensing device on the display screen of the display as a still image for a predetermined time from decoding of the datacode by a decoding unit.
A cheat preventing optical mark recognition (OMR) card capable of preventing cheating of examinees by configuring a marking part thereof such that marks formed on the marking part are not easily recognized from angles other than a right angle, that is, a front of the card. The cheat preventing OMR card includes the marking part and an answer checking section of the marking part includes a shaded background.
A prepaid payment device is used to by a consumer as a ticket to a future performance event as well as to conduct a transaction with a merchant. The consumer operates a user interface of a kiosk to select admission to the future performance event and a monetary amount to be added thereto. Payment is submitted to the kiosk for both the admission price and the monetary amount. The prepaid payment device is associated with an account that is credited with the payment. Stored on the prepaid payment device is information which includes the associated account and authorization for admission to the selected future performance event. The payment credited to the account can be for both the transaction with the merchant offering admission to the future performance event and also for an additional transaction with another merchant who may be at the venue of the future performance event.
An apparatus for removing humidity from an enclosure includes a first resistor, a second resistor, a diode, a transistor, a battery, a first electrode and a second electrode, a relay coil, a first electric generator, a second electric generator, a dehumidifier, a direct circuit for operating the dehumidifier manually. The first electrode and second electrode are arranged on a base. The base is an insulator (non-conductive) and hence the electrodes are not connected by the base. The arrangement of the electrodes is such that the first electrode is spaced apart from the second electrode at a distance, preferably, less that 3 mm. The distance of less than 3 mm enables the water droplets to be collected between the two electrodes thereby connecting the first electrode to the second electrode.
A combined chiller-boiler HVAC system which integrates all operating components including the boiler, chiller, distribution pumps, condenser coils, condenser fans and controls onto one single enclosed platform built for installation exterior to the structure being served and designed to produce heated or cooling fluid sequentially or simultaneously in differing areas of a building on demand. This system utilizes both air and water cooling whereby waste heat absorbed during a water cooling cycle, can be captured and re-directed for other uses.
The method is easily carried out with a simple, cheap device. A suitable choice of membrane also gives an end-of-life indication by changing colour as liquid absorbed therein is disseminated.
A multiple chambered coating cartridge is disclosed. The coating cartridge may have a container with a first chamber and a second chamber, a removable barrier between the first and second chambers, a first component in the first chamber and a second component in the second chamber wherein at least one of the first component and second component has a low viscosity. Also disclosed are a method of filling a coating cartridge and a method of spray painting utilizing a multiple chambered coating cartridge. In addition, an apparatus for spray painting comprising a spray gun and a cartridge with a removable barrier is disclosed.
A spray nozzle and method are provided in which fluid flow through the nozzle is inverted and in which a portion of a nozzle body may be rotatable adjusted to distribute water in a desired arc of coverage. Water first flows upwardly through the nozzle body, into an adjustable arcuate chamber defined by a helical interface in the nozzle body, is inverted, and is redirected downwardly through the nozzle body. Water may flow upwardly through a first set of flow passages and downwardly through a second set of flow passages. Water is directed downwardly against a distribution surface having an uneven surface profile for improved water distribution to terrain near to and distant from the nozzle. The water is directed downwardly against the distribution surface in the nozzle body and outwardly to surrounding terrain. The flow passages may be adapted to provide a matched precipitation rate for nozzles with different throw radiuses.
Method and device for de-icing of trains is provided in which a glycol heated treatment medium is sprayed against the underside of units in the train such as locomotive and carriages in order to remove ice which has been built up in the base frames of the units.
The present invention provides a simplified fuel injector which uses fuel as hydraulic oil to intensify the injection pressure.
The present invention relates to a sprinkler watering set with multi-stage watering function, wherein the watering control cap is installed with first, second watering tanks, and third watering hole; and first watering tank is installed with two first watering holes. The first watering tank is installed with several second watering holes; said watering control cap is to match the cap board; said cap board is installed with first, second, and third inlet holes, wherein first inlet hole corresponds to first watering tank on watering control cap, second inlet hole corresponds to second watering tank on watering control cap, and third inlet hole corresponds to third watering tank on watering control cap. By rotating watering control cap, it is connected to the first, second, and third inlet holes on cap board of watering control cap and linked to watering section installed on main body for controlling watering amount.
An antomizing foam pump creates atomized droplets of a foamable liquid in air in a compression chamber. The compression chamber is then collapsed to force the droplets and air through a mesh screen to create a foam product.
A faucet apparatus includes: a rotatable rotor vane which is disposed in a water supply channel, and in which an axial direction is substantially parallel to the water supply channel; a magnet which is rotatable integrally with the rotor vane; a coil which is disposed to be opposed to one end face in an axial direction of the magnet; and a controller which is disposed on a side of the one end face of the magnet and above the water supply channel, and which is connected to the coil through wiring.
An injector used for an internal combustion engine includes a valve needle which closes a fuel passage by contacting a valve seat and opens the fuel passage by separating from the valve seat. A coil and a magnetic core are provided to drive the valve needle, and an anchor is held in a relatively displaceable state with respect to the valve needle. A first biasing device biases the valve needle in a direction opposite to a direction of a drive force, and a second biasing device biases the anchor in the direction of the drive force with a set load smaller than that of the first biasing device. A restricting feature restricts relative displacement of the anchor with respect to the valve needle in the direction of the drive force.
A wand, such as for a surface cleaning apparatus, comprises at least an upstream rigid tube and a downstream rigid tube releasably pivotally connected to the upstream rigid tube. A flexible fluid flow conduit connects the downstream, tube in fluid flow communication with the upstream tube.
A device and method to provide a simplified wash process and controlled disintegration of a soft substance, such as a gel, are disclosed. In use, a block of, e.g., gel matrix is placed in the device and washed with a series of appropriate solutions to remove interfering contaminants. The washing liquid is removed through a deformable narrow opening in the bottom of the device, and, subsequently, the gel block is extruded through the deformable narrow opening, by a physical force, such as centrifugal force, a vacuum or positive pressure from a gas or liquid, etc., resulting in fragmentation of the gel block into a series of particles of similar size. The fragmentation of the gel results from shear forces exerted onto the gel block traveling through the deformable narrow opening in the device. The rate of such fragmentation and resulting fragment size can be controlled by extruding the gel block using a predefined level of force as well as by controlling the dimensions and shape of the narrow opening (s) in the device.
A method for making a hydraulically applied mulch using a natural biofiber material preferably comprising of 100% cotton byproduct or a mixture of cotton byproducts and other biomaterials selected such as, hay, grass, kenaf, straw, coconut, bamboo, hemp, bagasse and plant residue (cereal grains, rice, soybeans, grass seed, wood, sawdust, wood pulp, paper, or mixtures thereof). These fibers bear a natural waxy coating. The method includes the optional step of introducing the shredded biofiber composition into a first steaming chamber to stem the biofiber composition, followed by shredding the biofiber composition, and then introducing the shredded biofiber composition into a second steaming chamber to steam, break down and create porosity in the waxy coating of the fibers causing the fibers to become more hydrophilic. The biofibers are steamed followed by drying causing them to curl or physically deform. The shredded and steamed biofiber composition is then mixed to entangle the fibers, and the shredded, mixed and steamed biofiber composition is introduced into a drying chamber for drying, the resulting composition is then cooled and packaged, ready for mixing with water and spray application. The shredded, steamed and dried composition promotes entanglement of the fibers in a 3-dimensional matrix suitable for use as hydraulically applied mulch, and binding agents (tackifiers), dyes, rewetting agents, activators, and other additives may be added as desired.
A safety food grinder is applied to grind food and has a base, a container assembly, multiple movable stops and a cover. The base has a driver. The container assembly is mounted detachably on the base and has a cutting tool and multiple sliding channels. The cutting tool is connected detachably to and is selectively driven by the driver. The movable stops are respectively mounted slidably in the sliding channels and selectively keep the cutting tool from being driven by the driver. The cover is detachably mounted around the container assembly and selectively moves the movable stops to allow the cutting tool to be driven by the driver. Consequently, the cutting tool is only driven when the cover is mounted on the container assembly and the base so prevents users from being cut accidentally even when the safety food grinder is turned on unexpectedly.
A device for comminuting feedstock is provided that includes a cutting tool with a first rotor and at least one second rotor, each of which rotate around their longitudinal axis with an opposite rotation direction. Each rotor is provided with a number of cutting discs, which are arranged at an axial distance to one another. In this case, the cutting discs of the first rotor are located on gaps and with radial overlapping relative to the cutting discs of the second rotor. The cutting discs along their circumference have support surfaces for accepting cutting tools, whose cutting edges move past one another over the course of the rotation of rotors with the formation of a cutting clearance. For the positionally precise fixation of the cutting tool on the cutting discs, a positive fit is formed between the cutting tools and cutting discs, a positive fit groove running in the plane of the cutting disc is arranged in the common contact area, the groove in which at least one positive fit strip engages.
The present invention provides a locking unit for a seat belt retractor which is provided on one end of a spool, around which a seat belt is wound. The locking unit of the present invention locks the seat belt when the seat belt is rapidly unwound and prevents the seat belt from being locked when it is retracted. The locking unit includes a locking arm, a central gear, which is unrotatably provided on the center of the spool, an actuating gear, and a locking pin, which stops a locking protrusion of the locking arm when the belt is retracted.
For producing a part, a wire is wound so that portions of the wire extend along one another, and the portions of the wire are connected with one another, while during the winding the wire is supported so that the wire is not wound onto a support which fills it completely.
A reel-up for reeling a fibre web where the fibre web to be reeled and a supporting body form a reel nip. The reel-up has at least one measuring body which is arranged in order to be influenced by a turning torque which is a function of the linear load in the reel nip.
A holder appliance suitable for axially supporting a rolled product is disclosed having a holder and a rigid or semi-rigid root section. The holder includes a body having first and second ends and an engagement surface disposed therebetween contactable with a planar end surface of the rolled product, and a protrusion extending from the engagement surface toward the rolled product, the protrusion being engageable within an opening in the planar end surface. The root section is disposed at the first end and a tab disposed at the second end of the body. The tab extends radially away from the axis of the rolled product and axially away from the engagement surface. The tab has a greatest radial portion displaced from a plane defined by the engagement surface in a direction opposite to a direction in which the protrusion is extended. The tab has a contour that mirrors a user's thumb.
Disclosed is a wrapping apparatus for a structure configured to deliver a rolled material in a safe and efficient manner. The apparatus includes a crossbar configured to roll along the top surface of a wall, a roll retention member depending in a generally downward direction from the crossbar to hold a roll of material, and a retention member depending in a generally downward direction to secure the apparatus to the wall. The apparatus is configured to roll along the top surface of a wall and to move around corners of the structure.
A thrust vectoring exhaust nozzle system for helicopters includes a vertical thrust vectoring nozzle positioned on the rear of the tail of the helicopter and a horizontal thrust vectoring nozzle positioned generally adjacent the vertical thrust vectoring nozzle, the vertical and horizontal thrust vectoring nozzles each connected to the exhaust output of the gas-turbine engine of the helicopter such that by adjusting and controlling the vertical and horizontal thrust vectoring nozzles to direct gas outflow in a selected direction, the exhaust outflow from the engine can be used to assist or modify the movement of the helicopter.
An engine cowl door assembly is provided for fuselage mounted turbine engines to minimize manufacturing costs and part counts. In one embodiment, the engine cowl door assembly includes at least one non-handed engine cowl door, a pylon apron coupled to the fuselage of an aircraft and providing an attachment point for a first portion of the engine cowl door and a fairing coupled to the turbine engine and providing a latching point for a second portion of the engine cowl door to the turbine engine. The pylon apron, positioned on an inboard side of the turbine engine, and the fairing, positioned on an outboard side of the turbine engine, are identically shaped to provide interchangeability of the engine cowl door from a turbine engine mounted on a first side of an aircraft fuselage to a turbine engine mounted on a opposed second side of an aircraft fuselage.
The invention relates to the suspension of a multi-flow turbojet engine provided with an intermediate casing and an exhaust casing from a pylon that can be attached to the structure of an aircraft, comprising forward means of attachment between the hub of the intermediate casing and said pylon and a rear means of attachment between the exhaust casing and the pylon. This suspension is one which also comprises a means of connection rigidly connecting the intermediate casing to the pylon, and is one wherein the rear means of attachment comprises a means such as an actuator for compensating for the variations in diameter of the exhaust casing so as to keep the axis of the exhaust casing coaxial with the axis of the intermediate casing through the various phases of flight of the aircraft.
Systems and methods for recovering unmanned aircraft and controlling post-recovery motion of the aircraft are disclosed herein. An aircraft recovery system for recovering an unmanned aircraft in flight in accordance with one embodiment of the disclosure, for example, can include an inflatable aircraft recovery system having an inflatable portion with a generally vertical orientation. The inflatable portion can also include a landing pocket extending at least partially therethrough. The landing pocket is sized to receive at least a portion of a fuselage of the aircraft. The aircraft recovery system can also include a guidance system at least proximate to the landing pocket and positioned to guide the aircraft toward the landing pocket.
A device for the releasable fastening of a component in an aircraft includes a component carrier with a base plane, wherein the component carrier comprises an installation state in which the base plane of the component carrier comprises an angle relative to the horizontal base plane of the aircraft, and wherein the component carrier is equipped to accommodate a component in a releasably affixed manner.
There is provided a method of manufacturing a rib for an aircraft wing, the method comprising providing a billet of material for forming the rib, machining away material from all sides of the billet to form a rib for use in an aircraft, the rib including a web that extends between first and second flanged portions, each flanged portion having a flange that facilitates fixing of the rib to another component of the aircraft, wherein the material that forms the web extends diagonally across the billet, the web having a first face on a first side and a second face on a second side opposite to the first side of the web, and the first flanged portion extends more to the first side of the web than to the second side and the second flanged portion extends more to the second side of the web than to the first side.
An aerodynamically shaped profile member for aircraft and wind power stations includes, for example, phased-array ultrasonic generator arrangement is arranged therein. During operation of the profile member, the ultrasonic generator emits ultrasonic waves in a targeted manner in multiple directions to determine a profile of the thickness of an ice layer on the surface of the aerodynamic profile. The structure may be, for example, a composite fiber material arranged around a foam core, with the ultrasonic generator arrangement being laminated into the composite fiber material. For measurement of the ice thickness, ultrasonic waves are transmitted in a targeted manner to different positions of the surface of the aerodynamic profile, and the ultrasonic waves reflected on the interfaces of the ice layer are detected. At least one region of the surface is scanned by means of the targeted ultrasonic waves, to determine an ice thickness profile.
Auxiliary fuel tanks are provided with an inner barrier wall defining an interior volume for containing aircraft fuel, an outer barrier wall adjacent the inner barrier wall so as to define a space therebetween, and a drain part having a port in fluid communication with the space to allow leaked fuel within the space to be discharged therefrom. The drain part may be positioned at a corner junction between at least side and bottom walls of the outer barrier wall. In some advantageous embodiments, the drain part is positioned at a corner junction between the side wall, the bottom wall and an end wall of the outer barrier wall. One or more drain parts may be provided on each auxiliary aircraft fuel tank. If a plurality of drain parts are provided, then each drain part will preferably have a port in fluid communication with the space between the inner and outer barrier walls to allow leaked fuel within the space to be discharged therefrom, and each drain part will be positioned at respective corner junctions between at least side and bottom walls of the outer barrier wall, preferably between the side wall, the bottom wall and an end wall of the outer barrier wall. Aircraft may thus be provided with one or more of such auxiliary fuel tanks.
A parachute control system is actuated primarily by drogue parachute drag force. Drag force is used as a proxy for vehicle airspeed. The control system uses altitude and force sensors combined with a chronograph to determine the state of a deployed drogue parachute. It then compares the sensed condition with a condition defined by preset altitude, force, and time values. Once both altitude and drogue parachute drag force are below certain maximum values and within pre-determined time windows, an event trigger signal is generated.
A device for remotely controlling the control surfaces of an aircraft, the device comprising: an actuator member pivotable about an axis and entraining a rotary shaft; a stationary finger parallel to the shaft and supported at a radial distance from the shaft; a moving finger secured to the shaft and supported at a radial distance therefrom, both fingers being parallel to the shaft; a first slab supported at a radial distance from the shaft beside the two fingers on one side thereof and suitable for turning about the axis of the shaft; a second slab supported at a radial distance from the shaft beside the two fingers on their side opposite from the first slab, and suitable for turning about the axis of the shaft; a third slab supported at a radial distance from the shaft beside the second slab at an angular distance therefrom and suitable for turning about the axis of the shaft; a first spring between the first and second slabs; and a second spring between the first and third slabs.
Systems and methods for covering a trough member. A cover system can include a static portion coupled to a side wall of the trough member and defining a pocket. A sliding portion is selectively received in the pocket and is movable between an extended position and a retracted position. Opposite side walls of the trough member each include a static portion, and a sliding portion which telescopes to provide access to an interior of the trough member.
A cable support mechanism and cable support mechanism kit includes a U-shaped body member with a unitary construction having an elongate storage unit for housing at least one cable strap when such cable strap is not in use, an elongate cable strap securing unit for facilitating the positioning and securing of the cable strap in a locked position when such strap is in use for electrical conductor retaining and separating purposes, and an elongate cable saddle unit for supporting from below one or more electrical conductors within the cable support mechanism.
A flexible bottle holder, such as for baby bottles, is made of child-safe plastic and attaches to support surfaces with a hand operated screw clamp. A flexible arm extends from the clamp and has a bottle support at the other end. The bottle support easily adjusts to various bottles and allows for quick and easy insertion and removal of bottles by an adult, but is resistant to easy removal by an infant and does not include any hardware that is dangerous to an infant. In one embodiment, the bottle support uses spring tabs to secure the bottle inside a plastic band. In another embodiment, an elastic fabric jacket secures the bottle to a bottle support cradle with a plurality of hook and loop fasteners.
A keyboard palm rest assembly comprises a frame having an opening therethrough, the opening located corresponding to a position of a palm of a user when the user is utilizing a keyboard located adjacent the opening. The keyboard palm rest assembly also comprises a panel coupled to the frame and disposed across the opening, the panel enabling an airflow therethrough from a side opposite the user's palm to a side corresponding to the user's palm.
A flat screen television support device includes at least one vertical column extending upwardly from a piece of furniture and a cantilever support extending forwardly from the column and terminating in a free end. A vertical screen mount is connected to the free end of the cantilever support member. A flat screen television is connected to the flat screen television support device and has a rear wall spaced forward of the rear edge of the upper surface of the piece of furniture so that the flat screen television is supported over the piece of furniture between the front and rear edges of the upper surface of the piece of furniture. The piece of furniture may support the entire weight of the flat screen television if the support device is incorporated into a back structure of the furniture.
An improved bow holder is comprised of a bow cradle, at least one extension member and a base. The preferred bow cradle is comprised of a body, a clamp bed and a pair of L-shaped studs. The clamp bed is pivotally attached to the body. The clamp bed releasably locks to the body such that a fixed angle between the clamp bed and the body may be set. The studs are attached to the clamp bed such that the limb of a bow may be releasably clamped between the studs and the clamp bed. The base is comprised of a stem for insertion into a ground surface and a pair of pedals for applying ground insertion force to the stem. The bow cradle is attached to the base, or if a higher bow holding position is desired, an extension member.
An IV pole is made from a substantially non-magnetic material to enable it to be used in the setting of an IV scanner.
A monitor attitude adjustment apparatus used in an electronic apparatus comprises a mount base; an attitude adjusting mechanism consisting of a plurality of actuating devices, each actuating device comprising a driver and a displacement mechanism, the driver being the force source for driving the movement of corresponding displacement mechanism, and each displacement mechanism having a constrained degree of freedom for mechanical motion; and a suspension mount with one end mechanically connected to the attitude adjusting mechanism and the other end securing the electronic apparatus; wherein the actuating devices in the attitude adjusting mechanism constitute an integrated mechanical state and the position or orientation of the electronic apparatus corresponds to the integrated mechanical state of the attitude adjusting mechanism.
A sucker device includes a body, a sucking disk, and an operating mechanism; the body has a base, and a sleeve part joined on the base; the sleeve part has a hollow portion communicating with a bottom room of the base, and two slots, and is joined to a fixing support; the sucking disk is positioned in the bottom room of the base; an axial rod is joined on a middle of the disk, and held in the hollow portion of the sleeve part; the operating mechanism includes a knob, and a pressing rod, which is passed through the axial rod, and sticks out through the slots; the knob is positioned around and threadedly engaged with the sleeve part; thus, the middle of the disk can be moved farther away from a surface of an object for the disk to stick to the object by means of turning the knob.
An acoustic treatment nesting corner mount for mounting acoustic panels in a corner of a room. The nesting corner mount allows for the installation of two or more acoustic treatments, nested one behind the other, in a corner of a room to enhance the acoustics of the room.
Hangers and methods for supporting an item from a structure. In some examples, the hanger includes a body configured to support the item and lines configured to bear tension, the lines supporting the body from corners of the structure. In some examples, the hanger includes an adjustment mechanism mounted to the body and coupled to the lines, wherein the adjustment mechanism is configured to selectively adjust the position of the body relative to the structure.
In some examples, the method includes forming a portion of a first line into a first loop, forming a portion of a second line into a second loop, placing the first loop over the first corner of the structure, placing the second loop over the second corner of the structure, securing the item to the first line, and securing the item to the second line.
A quick-release swivel fork assembly for pivotably supporting a remote member. The quick-release swivel fork assembly includes a first portion, a body portion releasably coupled to the first portion, a pin supported by the body portion, and a latch member coupled to the body portion. The body portion is rotatable relative to the first portion about a first axis, while separation along the first axis is prevented. The pin defines a second axis for rotatably mounting the remote member. The latch member is biased to a first position in which the latch member blocks separation of the body portion from the first portion in a direction substantially perpendicular to the first axis. The latch member is operable to selectively enable separation of the body portion from the first portion in a direction substantially perpendicular to the first axis.
A holder for a portable electronic device comprises a mountable housing a latching mechanism. The portable electronic device has a bottom surface defining a slot and a front edge The mountable housing has a first end and a second end. The latching mechanism is movably disposed on the first end and includes a biasing element exerting a force on the latching mechanism in a direction towards the second end. When the portable electronic device is properly inserted within the holder the latching mechanism engages the slot for securing the portable electronic device
A mounting apparatus for an electronic device includes a mounting bracket for receiving the electronic device and a securing member pivotally attached to the mounting bracket. The mounting bracket includes a sidewall. The securing member includes a securing arm having an operating portion and a securing portion, and an elastic driving portion connected to the operating portion. A free end of the driving portion resiliently abuts against the sidewall to apply an elastic force onto the operating portion in a direction away from the sidewall and onto the securing portion in a direction toward the first sidewall. The securing portion extends through the sidewall of the mounting bracket to engaging with the electronic device.
A support device capable of providing additional storage space in close-quarters, wherein the device can be hung from two points to provide a volume comprising the floor of the device and in some embodiments a vertical surface such as a wall to which the support device is attached, either by hooks affixed to the vertical surface, to by attachment to any two other stationary points. Items such as towels, laundry and various and sundry other items may be conveniently stored using the device.
An edge protector for an object such as a table or other surface, comprising a plurality of edge members, which are joined by an attachment structure is provided. The edge protector is designed to be removaby attached to the edge of an object, and is also designed to be cut to size to fit a variety of differently sized objects. A method of removably cushioning the edge of an object is also provided.
A restraint device for securing approximately cylindrical objects to an apertured surface is presented. The restraint device generally includes a base, a support, an abutment and an activation system. The restraint device may further include a lateral restraint and a cover. The base, along with the activation system, secures the restraint device to an apertured surface. The abutment, which is placed adjacent the outer edge of the object, acts as a barrier to the object, thus reducing or preventing movement of the object in the direction of the restraint device. The abutment and the support may be moved relative to the base by the activation system. To engage and disengage the restraint device from an apertured surface and the generally cylindrical object, the activation system may include a rotational device such as a lever.
An adjustable stand apparatus comprises a pivoting head that attaches to an apparatus to stabilize it. A leg is pivotally connected to the pivoting head. The leg has a pivoting foot attached to the other end. In one embodiment, a leg extension is used to allow a user to adjust the height for use with different sized apparatus. The pivoting head is either mechanically attached to the apparatus using screws or bolts or in another embodiment, a friction pad made of rubber-like material is used to allow a frictional attachment to the selected apparatus. Additionally, friction pads are placed on the pivoting foot to enhance stability. An adjusting pin is biased using a spring to selectively hold the leg extension in a selected position. In another embodiment, the adjustable stand apparatus is not adjustable for use with a specific apparatus.
A rotary display stand includes: a base; a driving unit mounted to the base; a first magnet unit mounted to the base and driven by the driving unit to rotate about an axis relative to the base; and a support supported on the base and including a second magnet unit that is magnetically driven by the first magnet unit to rotate about the axis relative to the base.
A suspension device for a hardware element, which includes a mobile carriage, an arm designed to support the equipment to be suspended, and means for connecting between the arm and the carriage, in which the connection means include damping means in order to damp movement of the arm in relation to the mobile carriage.
An isolation mount is provided including a frame bracket having an aperture therein. A fastener is received in the aperture. The fastener includes a threaded shaft and a cone-shaped head portion integrally formed with the threaded shaft. The cone-shaped head portion includes a narrow end and a relatively wider end with the narrow end being closer to the threaded shaft than the wider end and a tool engaging portion on the head portion. An elastomeric member is disposed between the fastener and the frame bracket. The design integrates multiple features into a single element thereby greatly improving the assembly process and cost of the isolation mount.
The decoupling means has an “H” specific shape in order to absorb the vibrations caused by the motor.
A jump form system provided variously with an integral jump shoe lock mechanism, a reversible gang form shear platform, and a pinion lock mechanism for a roll back carriage. The jump shoe lock mechanism includes a lever pivotably mounted to the jump form system frame above a jump shoe bearing portion of a connecting member, a sleeve mounted to the jump form system frame below the jump shoe bearing portion of the connecting member, and a sleeve-mounted safety pin that is mechanically linked to the lever for engagement and disengagement with a jump shoe. The pinion lock mechanism includes a rack and pinion provided on inner and outer portions of a telescoping carriage assembly, respectively, and a lock arm pivotably mounted to the outer portion adjacent to the pinion, with the rack, pinion, and lock arm including complementary teeth which are locked into place upon pivoting engagement of the locking arm.
Embodiments disclose an image sensor device, comprising a substrate comprising a plurality of photosensor cells located therein or thereon, a plurality of optical guide structures corresponding to the photosensor cells respectively, and a stacked layer surrounding the optical guide structures, comprising a plurality of top portions with sharp corners adjacent to the top edges of the optical guide structures.
The present invention is based on the principle of depth of penetration of electromagnetic rays. In the case of semiconductor mono-crystalline materials, such as silicon, the depth of penetration of a light ray is proportional to its wavelength. Using this phenomenon, the present invention consists of a pixel having three electrodes that can discriminate between the colors red, green, and blue, and thereby reconstruct a color image.
An image sensor includes a pixel with a drive transistor and a select transistor. The drive transistor is driven according to a voltage at a floating diffusion node. The select transistor is coupled in series with the drive transistor for being turned on when the pixel is selected. The image sensor also includes a current mirror unit having first and second branches conducting mirrored currents. The first branch is coupled to the drive transistor, and the second branch is coupled to the select transistor at an output node of the pixel. With such biasing by the current mirror, gain drop in the drive transistor is minimized.
A photoelectric conversion element is provided and includes: an electrically conductive thin layer; an organic photoelectric conversion layer containing a compound having a partial structure represented by the following formula (I) and a fullerene or a fullerene derivative; and a transparent electrically conductive thin layer.
Systems and methods are provided for improving electromagnetic interference resistance in sensor-amplifier configurations. A sensor receives a stimulus and generates a current in response to the stimulus. The current is propagated to an amplifier circuit via a pair of cross-over bond-wires creating two counter rotating loop antennae where electromagnetic interference currents induced in one loop cancel interference currents induced in the second loop such that only the sensor current is propagated to the amplifier circuit. The amplifier circuit then amplifies the propagated sensor signal.
An inspection device includes a movable portion, and a substantially fixed portion. The movable portion includes a plurality of bins as well as beam directors positioned between the bins. The fixed portion includes light detectors and light emitters. The light detectors are arranged to allow multiplexing of the light detectors.
An ultra compact ion mobility based analyzer in a multilayered chip assembly employing various features such as a ion flow generator to propel ions through an ion mobility based filter and, thereby, reduce analyzer size, cost, and power requirements.
In a mass spectrometer introducing ions produced at an ion source, and including quadrupole rods which have an inlet and an outlet and to which a radio-frequency voltage is applied, the mass spectrometer, i.e., a mass spectrometry device implemented by a linear trap which exhibits high ejection efficiency, high mass resolution, and low ejection energy, executes the following steps: Trapping at least part of the ions by a trap potential generated on the central axis of a quadrupole field, oscillating part of the trapped ions in an intermediate direction between the mutually-adjacent quadrupole rods, ejecting the oscillated ions by an extraction field, and detecting the ejected ions or introducing the ejected ions into another detection process.
A control method of an ion implantation device that radiates an ion beam emitted from an ion source via an optical element onto a material to be treated, includes the steps of: measuring the spatial distribution of the ion beam in the vicinity of the material to be treated; estimating the emittance, which is the spatial and angular distribution of the ion beam of the ion source, from the measured spatial distribution, by using an ion beam trajectory calculation method; calculating the operating conditions of the optical element so that the ion beam in the vicinity of the material to be treated has a desired spatial distribution, by using the estimated emittance and the trajectory calculation method; and operating the ion implantation device by using the calculated operating conditions of the optical element.
Novel components reduce background noise caused by secondary ions generated by metastable entity bombardment in a mass spectrometric system. Layered structures for exit electrodes and deflector plates confine secondary ions in a local low-energy well, preventing them from entering the detector.
In one embodiment, a method of analyzing silica species in a phosphoric acid solution includes the acts of: processing a sample of the phosphoric acid solution through an anion exchange resin to provide a processed sample; and analyzing the processed sample to determine a concentration of at least one silica species in the phosphoric acid solution.
An ion mobility spectrometer instrument has a drift tube that is partitioned into a plurality of cascaded drift tube segments. A number of electric field activation sources may each be coupled to one or more of the plurality of drift tube segments. A control circuit is configured to control operation of the number of electric field activation sources in a manner that applies switched electric fields at a specified switching rate to the drift tube segments to thereby produce at the ion outlet only ions having a predefined ion mobility or range of ion mobilities.
In a tandem mass spectrometer using a collision cell for ion fragmentation, the upper limit of the collision energy required for collision induced dissociation (CID) can be extended without reaching or going beyond the upper electrical discharge limit of the system components. The present teachings describe a method of lifting the potential energy of ions to a predetermined level sufficient for CID fragmentation while satisfying a discharge free condition. The present teaching also describes a method of lifting the potential energy of the fragment ions after CID fragmentation so that the product ions have sufficient energy for mass analysis.
A mass spectrometry system, in which a sample is introduced into each of a triple quadrupole-type mass spectrometry apparatus and another mass spectrometry apparatus, approximately concurrently in a parallel manner. The triple quadrupole-type mass spectrometry apparatus is operable to perform a neutral loss scan, and, when a specific ion is detected, a data processing section is operable to instruct a control section to initiate a mass spectrometric analysis in the other mass spectrometry apparatus. The control section is operable to control each device of the other mass spectrometry apparatus to allow the other mass spectrometry apparatus to perform a mass spectrometric analysis for the specific ion with a high degree of accuracy. A data integration processing section is operable to integrate respective analysis results obtained by data processing sections as if they are obtained from a single mass spectrometry apparatus.
Viscous oil residues are located based on fluorescence polarization. Methods and apparatus in accordance with the invention may be integrated with autonomous and remotely operated undersea vehicles to map the location of oil spills.
Secondary electrons and back scattered electrons generated by irradiating a wafer to be inspected such as a semiconductor wafer with a charged particle beam are detected by a detector. A signal proportional to the number of detected electrons is generated, and an inspection image is formed on the basis of the signal. On the other hand, in consideration of a current value and irradiation energy of a charged particle beam, an electric field on the surface of the inspection wafer, emission efficiency of the secondary electrons and back scattered electrons, and the like, an electric resistance and an electric capacitance are determined so as to coincide with those in the inspection image. In a state where a difference between a resistance value in a normal portion and a resistance value in a defective portion is sufficiently increased by using the charging generated by the irradiation of electron beams, an inspection is conducted to thereby detect a defect.
A method for evaluating the spatial distribution of an ionomer in a fuel cell MEA. The method includes embedding the MEA in an epoxy, and then slicing thin sections from the MEA. The sliced sections are then exposed to a titanium tetrachloride vapor that stains the epoxy. The stained sections are then viewed with, for example, a transmission electron microscope (TEM) where the lighter regions in the TEM image show the ionomer distribution.
An inspection apparatus includes a terahertz wave detection portion, a waveform shaping portion configured to shape a first answer signal with respect to a terahertz wave by using a signal acquired in the above-described terahertz wave detection portion, a measurement condition acquisition portion configured to acquire a first measurement condition, an answer signal storage portion configured to store second answer signals corresponding to measurement conditions, a selection portion configured to select the above-described second answer signal from the above-described answer signal storage portion, and a signal processing portion configured to conduct deconvolution with respect to the above-described first answer signal on the basis of the above-described second answer signal.
The present invention concerns a radiation conversion device. The radiation conversion device for detecting radiation that has passed through a subject and converting the radiation into image information, is equipped with an information acquisition unit for acquiring condition information concerning a condition of the radiation conversion device, an information storage unit for storing the acquired condition information, and a display unit for displaying the stored condition information.
A measuring instrument has a light source for irradiating light including rays of light having the wavelength of excitation light, an objective lens for focusing light irradiated from the light source to a predetermined focusing position, a first mirror for directly reflecting light from the objective lens, a second mirror for reflecting light reflected by the first mirror, the second mirror having an aperture P, and a measuring device for measuring light generated from a sample and having a wavelength different from the wavelength of excitation light, and the sample being arranged between the first mirror and the second mirror, the focusing position of the objective lens being made to agree with the position of the aperture P, and the measuring device being adapted to measure light of a wavelength different from the wavelength of excitation light generated from the sample and passing through the aperture P.
A cradle for use with a radiation conversion device includes a cradle for carrying out charging of a radiation conversion device, which is disposed in the vicinity of an image capturing apparatus for capturing a radiation image of a subject, and which detects radiation that has passed through the subject and converts the radiation into image information. The cradle is equipped with a charging processor for carrying out charging with respect to a battery mounted in the radiation conversion device, an information acquiring section for acquiring information that includes subject information pertaining to the subject and includes image capturing conditions when the image information of the subject is captured, and a display unit for displaying the acquired information.
This document discusses, among other things, an implantable apparatus comprising a solid state electronic circuit and a sensor. The sensor is configured to detect an exposure of the solid state electronic circuit to ionizing radiation, and generate an indication of a non-single-event-upset (non-SEU) effect to the solid state electronic circuit from the exposure to ionizing radiation.
An ion-beam source comprising: a plasma-generation unit for generating plasma and an ion-extraction unit for extraction and acceleration of ions from the aforementioned plasma, where the ion-extraction unit is made in the form of at least one grid under a negative potential. The plasma generating unit consists of a working chamber having a deeply immersed antenna cell. The cell contains a ferromagnetic core, a heat conductor with a heat sink, at least one inductive coil wound onto the ferromagnetic core, and a cap made from a dielectric material that sealingly covers the ferromagnetic core and the inductive coil.
Disclosed are an apparatus and a method for sterilizing a food product. The apparatus comprises an ionization unit for holding the food product, a housing enclosing the ionization unit, a bipolar ionization assembly and a pulse power energization assembly. The bipolar ionization assembly comprises a generator unit and at least one ionization tube for generating bipolar ionization within the ionization unit for sterilizing the food product. The pulse power energization assembly comprises at least one ultraviolet light energy source for generating pulsed energy and at least one ultraviolet light emitting unit for generating pulsed ultraviolet light within the ionization unit upon receiving the pulsed energy. The pulsed ultraviolet light is capable of irradiating the food product for sterilizing purposes.
Phthalocyanines of the formula (I)
where the symbols and indices each have the definitions specified in the description are suitable as markers for liquids, especially mineral oils.
A measuring device includes a light source, a holding member for holding a sample, a first concave mirror and a second concave mirror, the second concave mirror being arranged on the light path from the light source to the holding member, the first concave mirror being arranged vis-a-vis the second concave mirror with the holding member interposed between them, the first concave mirror and the second concave mirror being arranged with their concave surfaces facing each other, the first concave mirror being larger than the second concave mirror in terms of their outer dimensions.
An apparatus for detecting particles of interest that are dispersed in a fluid mix, which typically includes other particles. The apparatus typically is associated with an interrogation platform arranged to operate in harmony with an opaque member having an orifice sized to promote single-file travel of the particles there-through. A currently preferred embodiment includes a light pipe configured to impinge stimulation-radiation substantially transverse to a direction of fluid flow through the opaque member. Particles of interest may be tagged using antibody-binding, fluorescing molecules. Stimulation radiation from the source causes the tagged particles to undergo a Stokes-shift emission of fluorescence. The resulting fluorescence is detected by the radiation detector and indicates passage of the particles of interest. One workable opaque member is advantageously included in a thin film assembly carried on a removable and disposable card that is adapted for reception in the interrogation platform.
Techniques are described for the detection of multiple target species in real-time PCR (polymerase chain reaction). For example, a system comprises a data acquisition device and a detection device coupled to the data acquisition device. The detection device includes a rotating disk having a plurality of process chambers having a plurality of species that emit fluorescent light at different wavelengths. The device further includes a plurality of removable optical modules that are optically configured to excite the species and capture fluorescent light emitted by the species at different wavelengths. A fiber optic bundle coupled to the plurality of removable optical modules conveys the fluorescent light from the optical modules to a single detector. In addition, the device may control the flow of fluid in the disk by locating and selectively opening valves separating chambers by heating the valves with a laser.
Antioxidant-containing compositions and methods for confirming antioxidant activity of a composition formulated for topical application to skin. Methods for testing a composition for ability to inhibit both ultraviolet radiation-induced lipid peroxidation on skin and ultraviolet radiation-induced reactive oxygen species formation in the stratum corneum. Compositions and methods for treating and preventing photodamage to skin.
A method and system for remotely affecting electronics within a conductive enclosure are disclosed. The method can comprise transmitting electromagnetic radiation of two different frequencies to the enclosure. The two different frequencies can be selected such that they penetrate the enclosure and therein form electromagnetic radiation of a third frequency that resonates within the enclosure. The third frequency can interact with the electronics, such as to disrupt operation thereof.
A radiotherapy apparatus controller includes: a movement collection section; a sensor control section configured to change a first time interval in which a second sensor measures a position of an irradiation area in the subject, based on the movement information; and an irradiation control section. The movement collection section collects movement information indicating a movement of a subject from a first sensor. The sensor control section changes a first time interval in which a second sensor measures a position of an irradiation area in the subject, based on the movement information. The irradiation control section controls a radiotherapy apparatus such that therapeutic radiation irradiated to the irradiation area is changed based on the position.
A method and apparatus for using one particle out of N particles for irradiating or investigating a target are provided. A radiation source with N incoherent emitters emits a radiation, and particles of said radiation are detected by using at least N−1 detectors located at N−1 different positions. A discriminator is adapted for identifying particle detection events on at least N−1 detectors within a predetermined time period from other particle detection events.
A fine pattern which includes servo patterns, each constituted by servo elements, and groove patterns, each for separating adjacent data tracks, is formed on a substrate applied with a resist and placed on a rotation stage by scanning an electron beam on the substrate. While rotating the substrate in one direction, the electron beam is scanned so as to completely fill servo elements corresponding to a plurality of tracks one by one during one rotation of the substrate by X-Y deflecting the electron beam and vibrating back and forth in the radius direction. Each groove pattern is set as a line-up of a plurality of groove elements divided at a predetermined angle, and groove elements corresponding to the plurality of tracks following the writing of the servo elements are sequentially written by deflection scanning the electron beam largely in a circumferential direction during the same rotation.
An ion implantation apparatus with multiple operating modes is disclosed. The ion implantation apparatus has an ion source and an ion extraction means for extracting a ribbon-shaped ion beam therefrom. The ion implantation apparatus includes a magnetic analyzer for selecting ions with specific mass-to-charge ratio to pass through a mass slit to project onto a substrate. Multipole lenses are provided to control beam uniformity and collimation. A two-path beamline in which a second path incorporates a deceleration or acceleration system incorporating energy filtering is disclosed. Finally, methods of ion implantation are disclosed in which the mode of implantation may be switched from one-dimensional scanning of the target to two-dimensional scanning.
A cradle for use with a radiation conversion device includes a cradle for carrying out charging of a radiation conversion device, the cradle being disposed in the vicinity of an image capturing apparatus which captures a radiation image of a subject, the radiation conversion device detecting radiation that has passed through the subject and converting the radiation into image information. The cradle includes a charging processor for carrying out charging with respect to a battery mounted in the radiation conversion device, an image information acquisition unit for acquiring the image information from the radiation conversion device, a correction information generating unit for generating correction information with respect to the radiation conversion device using the acquired image information, and a correction information memory for storing the generated correction information in association with the radiation conversion device.
A plate clamp where clamp resistance when a tube is slid from an insertion hole to a slit section is low, where clamping operation is easy, and where the tube being clamped at the slit section is less likely to unintentionally slide to the through-hole side. The clamp for a tube has the slit section for clamping and holding the tube at plate-like members, a tube lead-in section as a groove forwardly expanding from the forward end of the slit section, and the tube insertion hole continuously formed with the tube lead-in section. A stopper section is provided only on one side of the boundary between the tube lead-in section and the slit section.
The present invention relates to valve assemblies. In one embodiment of the invention, a temperature-sensitive safety valve assembly comprises a first region which contains a first pressurised fluid, and a second region which contains a second pressurised fluid. The second region comprises a heat-sensitive sealing means. A valve is arranged between the first and second regions. In a first configuration, the pressure of the second pressurised fluid in the second region overcomes the pressure of the first pressurised fluid to actuate the valve to open the first outlet. The heat-sensitive sealing means in the second region is, in a second configuration, arranged to fail at high temperature so as to de-pressurise the second region, thereby actuating the valve to move under the first pressurised fluid in the first region so as to close the first outlet and seal the first region. Other improvements to valve assemblies arc also disclosed.
An electromechanical valve assembly for controlling oxygen flow from a compressed oxygen source in an aircraft includes: a valve housing, an inlet, an outlet, a passageway allowing flow of oxygen from the inlet to the outlet, a spring-biased conical poppet movable within the passageway; a spring-biased pressure regulating piston engagable with the conical poppet to maintain it in an open position, a push rod engagable with the conical poppet to maintain it in a closed position, and a movable seat in the passageway that engages the conical poppet to regulate gas flow through the passageway. Actuation of an electric motor assembly to cause the seat to move upward results in closing of the valve assembly and shutting off of the oxygen flow. Actuation of the motor assembly to cause the seat to move downward results in opening of the valve assembly and regulation of the oxygen flow.
A valve assembly is provided that has a valve body defining first and second valve seats and a fluid chamber between the valve seats. The valve assembly includes a first valve that has an extension portion and a plug portion. The plug portion is configured to be selectively seated at the first valve seat. The extension portion is configured to extend within the fluid chamber past the second valve seat when the plug portion is seated at the first valve seat. A second valve is configured to interfit with the extension portion to connect to the first valve for common movement therewith. The second valve is configured to be selectively seated at the second valve seat. Fluid flow through the fluid chamber past the valve seats is controlled by the common movement of the connected first and second valves.
A solenoid valve assembly includes a bobbin supporting a coil and having at least one protrusion on an inner surface, an adjustment member disposed within the bobbin and in contact with the at least one protrusion, a pole piece disposed within the adjustment member, a valve body having a seat, wherein the bobbin is disposed in contact with the seat, a spool slideably disposed within the valve body, and a resilient member disposed in contact with the adjustment member and the spool.
The tank opening-closing device is equipped with a tank opening forming member having a fuel path for leading fuel supplied from the fueling gun through the inlet to the fuel tank, a valve opening-closing mechanism having an opening-closing member and spring that closes in a state with the inlet sealed, and an opening-closing activation mechanism for opening and operating the opening-closing member. The opening-closing activation mechanism has an operating member pivoted at the tank opening forming member, and a pressing member for pressing the opening-closing member formed on the operating member, and is constituted so that by the operating member being pressed by the fueling gun and rotating, the opening-closing member is pressed by the pressing member and is rotated in the opening direction so as to open the inlet.
A valve device includes a valve element unit for closing or opening a first opening formed in a casing; a valve element driving unit for rotating the valve element unit around an axis to move to a position facing the first opening, and for moving the valve element unit in a radial direction to seat at the first opening; a first sealing member provided on the valve element unit; and a stopper for restricting a rotation of the valve element unit. The valve element driving unit includes a support for supporting the valve element unit to be rotatable; a shaft part having an eccentric shaft portion connected to the valve element unit and having a center located at a position apart from a rotational center by a predetermined distance; and a driving source for rotating the shaft part. The stopper restricts a rotation of the support in one direction at a position where the valve element unit faces the opening.
A valve assembly is disclosed providing a disk valve, a retaining clip configuration, and a bonnet nut. The disk valve comprises a moveable disk having a pair of recesses that is rotatable relative to a stationary disk to regulate the flow of a fluid through two ports in communication with the disks. The retaining clip configuration comprises a hose clip engaging a retaining segment on a valve housing and two hoses to connect the two hoses to two ports on the valve housing. The bonnet nut provides a tactile resistance to an applied torque when a portion of the valve cartridge assembly is rotated in relation to the valve housing.
A valve actuator including a magnetic angle sensor is disclosed. The magnetic angle sensor may function as an absolute position encoder. The magnetic angle sensor may also function as an incremental position encoder. The magnetic angle sensor may generate angular velocity data. The magnetic angle sensor may be used in quarter-turn and single-turn rotary valve actuators. The magnetic angle sensor may also be used in multi-turn rotary and linear valve actuators.
A sound attenuating material includes a matrix, and a nanofiller, the material effectively reduces the level of low frequency sound incident thereon.
Methods of sol-gel processing for the preparation of mixed gels and nanoparticles are described. Further, mixed gels and nanoparticles obtained by the method are also disclosed. More specifically, a process for mixture of NiO nanoparticles and Yttria stabilized Zirconia nanoparticles obtained by only one sol-gel process is described.
A liquid release agent for application onto an edge region of a panel, which edge region is provided or to be provided with a coating by means of an adhesive or by means of a glue, includes a fluidic carrier made of alcohol, or a mixture of alcohols, or a mixture of hydrocarbons, or a mixture of solvents, and polyalkylene glycol which is admixed to the carrier.
A method of producing anhydrous calcium nitrate, anhydrous magnesium nitrate or mixture thereof involves removing water from a solution of calcium nitrate, magnesium nitrate or mixture thereof in a pulse combustion drier. The invention also provides a mixture of anhydrous calcium nitrate, anhydrous magnesium nitrate and the individual anhydrous nitrate salts in a sealed container.
A compound represented by formula (I) below:
Disclosed is a method for preparing an oxide nano phosphor. A metal precursor solution is prepared. The metal precursor solution is impregnated into a porous polymer material. A heat treatment is performed on the porous polymer material having the metal precursor solution impregnated therein. The heat treatment is performed by heating the porous polymer material having the metal precursor impregnated therein up to a temperature of higher than 500° C. solution at a temperature elevating rate of higher than 100° C. per minute.
The present invention relates to a method of a manufacturing facility fitted and equipped onboard a marine vessel, the vessel first taking in seawater to fill the vessel ballast tanks using the vessel's sea chests, ensuring a reasonable stability factor to allow for continuous and safe operation of the manufacturing facility.
Transparent conductors and methods for fabricating transparent conductors are provided. In one exemplary embodiment, a transparent conductor comprises a substrate having a surface and a transparent conductive coating disposed on the surface of the substrate. The transparent conductive coating has a plurality of conductive components of at least one type and an aliphatic isocyanate-based polyurethane component.
This invention relates to a process for preparing an electrically conductive composite comprising the weight ratio of carbon to polymer of greater than 0.11. The process comprises the steps of mixing non-predispersed carbon with an emulsion comprising a polymer in a liquid solvent to obtain a dispersion of the carbon within the polymer matrix, wherein the weight ratio of carbon to polymer is greater than 0.11; and removing the liquid solvent from the dispersion. The invention also relates to conductive polymer composites prepared by the process.
An emulsion for preparing a low-conductivity surface for powder coating, the emulsion including an emulsified organofunctional silane solution. A pre-powder coating emulsion provides a surface with conductivity. A non-conductive object having applied to an exterior surface of the object the emulsion including an emulsified organofunctional silane solution.
A modular vehicle ramp system is provided for elevating all four wheels of a vehicle off of the ground to allow a user easy access beneath the elevated vehicle. The components are modular allowing the ramp system to be employed in several different reconfigurable arrangements. A first embodiment provides one wheel support and one ramp that releasably engages with the wheel support. In another embodiment, at least two wheel supports are employed with two corresponding ramps releasably engaged therewith. Finally in another embodiment, two bridge sections extend between two wheel supports positioned at the front and two wheel supports positioned at the rear. Two ramps are releasably engaged with either the two forward or rear wheel supports such that a car can be driven up the ramps and over the bridge sections such that the four vehicle wheels are supported on the four wheel supports.
A hoisting device of a section of a rope for a mechanical ski-lift installation comprises on the one hand a lifting element designed to be positioned pressing against the rope and on the other hand means for moving the lifting element in a first direction. The lifting element is formed by a sleeve having a main axis oriented in a second direction perpendicular to the first direction, designed to be positioned around the rope section. The sleeve comprises a top shell having connection means connecting with the means for moving, a bottom shell having a support dish designed to be positioned pressing underneath said rope section, the two shells comprising complementary guiding elements for assembly by sliding in the second direction, and securing means disabling sliding between the two shells after assembly.
A portable hoist assembly is provided for lifting a hitch to be installed on the underside of a vehicle platform. The hitch has a hitch ball hole and the vehicle platform has a hole to be aligned with the hitch ball hole when the hitch is installed. The hoist assembly includes a hoist frame and a winch for paying out and drawing in a cable. The winch is supported by the frame above the vehicle platform hole. An elongated member is attached to the cable. The elongated member can be oriented in a first position wherein it can pass through the vehicle platform hole and the hitch ball hole. Also, the elongated member can be oriented in a second position wherein it cannot pass through the hitch ball hole. The elongated member can be lowered through the vehicle platform hole and the hitch ball hole in the first orientation and can secure the cable to the hitch in the second orientation.
A controller commands a jack drive to extend and retract a jack leg relative to a jack base along a stroke having retraction and extension limits. The controller updates a perceived present leg position value in response to position change signals from a position change sensor. The controller occasionally applies compensation factors to the perceived present leg position value in the extension direction. The controller resets the perceived present leg position value whenever the jack leg reaches the retraction limit.
A reliability of a semiconductor device having a phase-change memory is improved. A phase-change memory device has a bottom-electrode plug buried in an interlayer insulator that is provided on a main surface of a semiconductor substrate, an electric conductive material layer provided on an upper portion of the bottom-electrode plug and on the interlayer insulator, a phase-change material layer provided on the electric conductive material layer, and an upper-electrode plug provided on the phase-change material layer. The bottom-electrode plug and the upper-electrode plug which configure the phase-change memory device are provided at respective different positions in a plane of the semiconductor substrate.
In a phase change memory, electric property of a diode used as a selection device is extremely important. However, since crystal grain boundaries are present in the film of a diode using polysilicon, it involves a problem that the off leak property varies greatly making it difficult to prevent erroneous reading. For overcoming the problem, the present invention provides a method of controlling the temperature profile of an amorphous silicon in the laser annealing for crystallizing and activating the amorphous silicon thereby controlling the crystal grain boundaries. According to the invention, variation in the electric property of the diode can be decreased and the yield of the phase-change memory can be improved.
A memory cell includes a memory cell layer with a first dielectric layer over a bottom electrode layer, a second dielectric layer over the first dielectric layer, and a top electrode over the second dielectric layer. The dielectric layers define a via having a first part bounded by the first electrode layer and the bottom electrode and a second part bounded by the second dielectric layer and the top electrode. A memory element is within the via and is in electrical contact with the top and bottom electrodes. The first and second parts of the via may comprise a constricted, energy-concentrating region and an enlarged region respectively. The constricted region may have a width smaller than the minimum feature size of the process used to form the enlarged region of the via. A method for manufacturing a memory cell is also disclosed.
A method of manufacturing an electrode is provided that includes providing a pillar of a first phase change material atop a conductive structure of a dielectric layer; or the inverted structure; forming an insulating material atop dielectric layer and adjacent the pillar, wherein an upper surface of the first insulating material is coplanar with an upper surface of the pillar; recessing the upper surface of the pillar below the upper surface of the insulating material to provide a recessed cavity; and forming a second phase change material atop the recessed cavity and the upper surface of the insulating material, wherein the second phase change material has a greater phase resistivity than the first phase change material.
A phase-change memory element with side-wall contacts is disclosed. The phase-change memory element comprises a bottom electrode. A first dielectric layer is formed on the bottom electrode. A first electrical contact is formed on the first dielectric layer and electrically connects to the bottom electrode. A second dielectric layer is formed on the first electrical contact. A second electrical contact is formed on the second dielectric layer, wherein the second electrical contact comprises an outstanding terminal. An opening passes through the second electrical contact, the second dielectric layer, and the first electrical contact. A phase-change material occupies at least one portion of the opening. A third dielectric layer is formed on and covers the second electrical contact, exposing a top surface of outstanding terminal. A top electrode is formed on the third dielectric layer, contacting the outstanding terminal.
A phase change memory device and a method of forming the same include a conductive pattern formed on a substrate. A lower electrode contact is disposed on the conductive pattern. The phase change pattern is disposed on the lower electrode contact. An upper electrode is disposed on the phase change pattern. An area of an upper surface of the lower electrode contact is smaller than an area of a lower surface of the lower electrode contact.
A phase-change memory element with side-wall contacts is disclosed, which has a bottom electrode. A non-metallic layer is formed on the electrode, exposing the periphery of the top surface of the electrode. A first electrical contact is on the non-metallic layer to connect the electrode. A dielectric layer is on and covering the first electrical contact. A second electrical contact is on the dielectric layer. An opening is to pass through the second electrical contact, the dielectric layer, and the first electrical contact and preferably separated from the electrode by the non-metallic layer. A phase-change material is to occupy one portion of the opening, wherein the first and second electrical contacts interface the phase-change material at the side-walls of the phase-change material. A second non-metallic layer may be formed on the second electrical contact. A top electrode contacts the top surface of the outstanding terminal of the second electrical contact.
Carbon nanotube (CNT)-based devices and technology for their fabrication are disclosed. The discussed electronic and photonic devices and circuits rely on the nanotube arrays grown on a variety of substrates, such as glass or Si wafer. The planar, multiple layer deposition technique and simple methods of change of the nanotube conductivity type during the device processing are utilized to provide a simple and cost effective technology for a large scale circuit integration. Such devices as p-n diode, CMOS-like circuit, bipolar transistor, light emitting diode and laser are disclosed, all of them are expected to have superior performance then their semiconductor-based counterparts due to excellent CNT electrical and optical properties. When fabricated on Si-wafers, the CNT-based devices can be combined with the Si circuit elements, thus producing hybrid Si-CNT devices and circuits.
A device disclosed herein includes a first layer, a second layer, and a first plurality of nanowires established between the first layer and the second layer. The first plurality of nanowires is formed of a first semiconductor material. The device further includes a third layer, and a second plurality of nanowires established between the second and third layers. The second plurality of nanowires is formed of a second semiconductor material having a bandgap that is the same as or different from a bandgap of the first semiconductor material.
A photodetector includes a first layer, a second layer and a plurality of nanowires established between the first and second layers. At least some of the plurality of nanowires have a bandgap that is different from a bandgap of at least some other of the plurality of nanowires.
A multifinger carbon nanotube field-effect transistor (CNT FET) is provided in which a plurality of nonotube top gated FETs are combined in a finger geometry along the length of a single carbon nanotube, an aligned array of nanotubes, or a random array of nanotubes. Each of the individual FETs are arranged such that there is no geometrical overlap between the gate and drain finger electrodes over the single carbon nanotube so as to minimize the Miller capacitance (Cgd) between the gate and drain finger electrodes. A low-K dielectric may be used to separate the source and gate electrodes in the multifinger CNT FET so as t further minimize the Miller capacitance between the source and gate electrodes.
An unpatterned semiconductor layer is applied to a substrate for the production of an organic transistor. An insulator is arranged on the semiconductor layer wherein at least the insulator layer is patterned, so that at least source and drain electrode layers can be formed subsequently. The source and drain electrode layers are formed after the patterning of at least the insulator layer to ensures that an overlap of both a gate electrode layer and the source and drain electrode layers is essentially avoided.
A transistor element that a transistor using an organic semiconductor layer on a substrate, an insulating film between layers contacting the organic semiconductor layer and an upper electrode electrically contacting the transistor via a through hole provided in the insulating film between layers are layered, wherein the insulating film between layers comprises a mixture of organic materials and particles.
Disclosed herein is a composition for producing an insulator. More specifically, the composition comprises a silane-based organic-inorganic hybrid material containing one or more multiple bonds, an acrylic organic crosslinking agent and a silane-based crosslinking agent having six or more alkoxy groups. Also disclosed herein is an organic insulator produced using the insulator composition. The organic insulator is highly crosslinked to facilitate the fabrication of an organic thin film transistor in terms of processing.
An organic semiconducting copolymer according to example embodiments may be represented by Formula 1 below:
An organic electronic device may include the above organic semiconducting copolymer. The organic semiconducting copolymer according to example embodiments may provide improved solubility, processability, and thin film properties. Consequently, the organic semiconducting copolymer may be used in a variety of electronic devices. A suitable electronic device may be an organic thin film transistor. When an active layer of an organic thin film transistor includes the organic semiconducting copolymer, higher charge mobility and lower breaking leakage current may be achieved.
Provided is a ferroelectric memory device. The ferroelectric memory device includes an inorganic channel pattern on a substrate, a source electrode and a drain electrode spaced apart from each other on the substrate and contacting the inorganic channel pattern, a gate electrode disposed adjacent to the inorganic channel pattern, and an organic ferroelectric layer interposed between the inorganic channel pattern and the gate electrode.
A Light Emitting Diode (LED) formed on a substrate of a material selected from at least one of a semiconductor, an insulator and a metal; at least one semiconductor film layer of ZnO or GaN deposited on the substrate; a nanotips array of ZnO or its ternary compound, the array being grown either directly or indirectly on a surface of at least one semiconductor film layer; at least one transparent and conductive oxide (TCO) layer deposited on at least one semiconductor film layer; and a semiconductor p-n junction under a forward bias voltage.
To provide a semiconductor device in which a defect or fault is not generated and a manufacturing method thereof even if a ZnO semiconductor film is used and a ZnO film to which an n-type or p-type impurity is added is used for a source electrode and a drain electrode. The semiconductor device includes a gate insulating film formed by using a silicon oxide film or a silicon oxynitride film over a gate electrode, an Al film or an Al alloy film over the gate insulating film, a ZnO film to which an n-type or p-type impurity is added over the Al film or the Al alloy film, and a ZnO semiconductor film over the ZnO film to which an n-type or p-type impurity is added and the gate insulating film.
To provide a semiconductor device in which a defect or fault is not generated and a manufacturing method thereof even if a ZnO semiconductor film is used and a ZnO film to which an n-type or p-type impurity is added is used for a source electrode and a drain electrode. The semiconductor device includes a gate insulating film formed by using a silicon oxide film or a silicon oxynitride film over a gate electrode, an Al film or an Al alloy film over the gate insulating film, a ZnO film to which an n-type or p-type impurity is added over the Al film or the Al alloy film, and a ZnO semiconductor film over the ZnO film to which an n-type or p-type impurity is added and the gate insulating film.
A device for measuring or inspecting substrates of the semiconductor industry, including a base frame and a module detachably mounted thereon via a module frame, wherein the module frame is detachably connected to the base frame via at least two self-aligning coupling elements and at least one alignment element, wherein the base frame and the module frame are in exactly defined spatial alignment with each other, when the module frame is detachably connected to the base frame.
A semiconductor device includes a wring board having a first surface with external connection terminals and a second surface with internal connection terminals. On the second surface of the wiring board, a semiconductor chip having electrode pads is mounted. The electrode pads of the semiconductor chip and the internal connection terminals of the wiring board are electrically connected via connecting members. The external connection terminals are arranged along two opposite outer sides of the wiring board and each have a rectangular shape elongated in a direction toward the outer side.
Disclosed herein are devices, methods and systems for implementing gettering layers. Devices including gettering layers can be implemented such that a gettering layer doped with carbon, boron, fluorine or any other appropriate impurity is formed on a semiconductor substrate, a device layer is formed on the gettering layer, and a device region is formed in the device layer having a depth that maintains a distance in the device layer between the gettering layer and the device region.
A thin film transistor (TFT), a method of fabricating the same, and an organic light emitting diode (OLED) display device having the TFT, the TFT including a substrate, a gate electrode disposed on the substrate, a gate insulating layer disposed on the gate electrode, a semiconductor layer disposed on the gate insulating layer and crystallized using a metal catalyst, and source and drain electrodes disposed on the semiconductor layer and electrically connected to source and drain regions of the semiconductor layer. A second metal is diffused into a surface region of the semiconductor layer, to getter the metal catalyst from a channel region of the semiconductor layer. The second metal can have a lower diffusion coefficient in silicon than the metal catalyst.
While suppressing the frequency of a signal line driver circuit, a blur of a moving image of a light-emitting device using a light-emitting transistor can be prevented, without reducing a frame frequency. A switching element is provided in a path of a current which flows between a source and a drain of a light-emitting transistor, and the light-emitting transistor is made not to emit light by turning off the switching element, whereby pseudo-impulse driving is performed. Switching of the switching element can be controlled by a scan line driver circuit. In a specific structural example, the light-emitting device includes, in a pixel, a light-emitting transistor, a first switching element which controls supply of a potential of a video signal to a gate of the light-emitting transistor, and a second switching element which controls a current which flows between a source and a drain of the light-emitting transistor.
An organic light emitting diode display device to display a main image and a sub-image, such as background, illumination, or the like, without additional processes or a reduction in the resolution of the image, and a method of fabricating the same, the organic light emitting diode display device including: a substrate; a thin film transistor disposed on the substrate, including a semiconductor layer, a source electrode, a drain electrode, a gate insulating layer, and a gate electrode; an insulating layer disposed on the thin film transistor; a first lower electrode disposed on the insulating layer, electrically connected to the source electrode and the drain electrode of the thin film transistor; an auxiliary lower electrode disposed on the insulating layer, spaced apart from the first lower electrode; a first organic layer disposed on the first lower electrode, including at least one emission layer; a second organic layer disposed on the auxiliary lower electrode, including at least one emission layer; and an upper electrode disposed on the first organic layer and the second organic layer.
A TFT array substrate includes a substrate, a patterned first metallic layer, a patterned stack layer, a patterned dielectric layer, a patterned transparent conductive layer, and a patterned third metallic layer. Elements of each TFT in the TFT array substrate are arranged vertically, so that the TFT array substrate has relatively small fabrication area and is operable with a high conducting current. Further, the storage capacitance can be enhanced by enclosing or sandwiching the second metallic layer with the common lines and the transparent electrodes. In such a way, pixel flashing caused by those coupled signals can be reduced, thus promoting displaying quality thereof.
Methods for processing an amorphous silicon thin film sample into a polycrystalline silicon thin film are disclosed. In one preferred arrangement, a method includes the steps of generating a sequence of excimer laser pulses, controllably modulating each excimer laser pulse in the sequence to a predetermined fluence, homoginizing each modulated laser pulse in the sequence in a predetermined plane, masking portions of each homoginized fluence controlled laser pulse in the sequence with a two dimensional pattern of slits to generate a sequence of fluence controlled pulses of line patterned beamlets, each slit in the pattern of slits being sufficiently narrow to prevent inducement of significant nucleation in region of a silicon thin film sample irradiated by a beamlet corresponding to the slit, irradiating an amorphous silicon thin film sample with the sequence of fluence controlled slit patterned beamlets to effect melting of portions thereof corresponding to each fluence controlled patterned beamlet pulse in the sequence of pulses of patterned beamlets, and controllably sequentially translating a relative position of the sample with respect to each of the fluence controlled pulse of slit patterned beamlets to thereby process the amorphous silicon thin film sample into a single or polycrystalline silicon thin film.
An LED light source comprises a lower substrate having an upper surface which is formed with a groove and covered with an insulating layer in an area outside the groove, wherein the insulating layer is partially covered with a metal layer; an upper substrate disposed on a top of the insulating layer and formed with an opening in an area corresponding to the groove; a plurality of sub-substrates disposed on an inner bottom portion of the groove, wherein each said sub-substrate has a surface covered with a circuit layer, adjacent said sub-substrates are electrically connected to each other at respective adjacent ends thereof by a first metal lead, and each said sub-substrate is provided thereon with a plurality of LED chips, in which each said LED chip is connected by a second metal lead to a corresponding electrical connection point; and a light-transmitting colloid filled in the groove and the opening. The plurality of LED chips are thus integrally packaged in the groove to form the LED light source, which can be easily manufactured while having a small volume and providing high brightness.
Disclosed is a light emitting device having a plurality of light emitting cells. The light emitting device comprises a thermally conductive substrate, such as a SiC substrate, having a thermal conductivity higher than that of a sapphire substrate. The plurality of light emitting cells are connected in series on the thermally conductive substrate. Meanwhile, a semi-insulating buffer layer is interposed between the thermally conductive substrate and the light emitting cells. For example, the semi-insulating buffer layer may be formed of AlN or semi-insulating GaN. Since the thermally conductive substrate having a thermal conductivity higher than that of a sapphire substrate is employed, heat-dissipating performance can be enhanced as compared with a conventional sapphire substrate, thereby increasing the maximum light output of a light emitting device that is driven under a high voltage AC power source. In addition, since the semi-insulating buffer layer is employed, it is possible to prevent an increase in a leakage current through the thermally conductive substrate and between the light emitting cells.
An exemplary solid-state light emitting device includes a substrate, a light emitting structure, a first electrode and a second electrode have opposite polarities with each other. The light emitting structure includes a first-type semiconductor layer, a second-type semiconductor layer and an active layer between the first-type semiconductor layer and the second-type semiconductor layer. The first electrode electrically is connected with the first-type semiconductor layer. The first electrode includes a first contact pad and a current induced electrode spaced apart and insulated from each other. The second electrode has an opposite polarity with respect to the first electrode. The second electrode includes a transparent conductive layer formed on and electrically connected with the second-type semiconductor layer and a metallic conductive layer formed on the transparent conductive layer and in electrical contact therewith.
A white light emitting device is provided, which includes a light emitting element that emits a first light having a wavelength between 300 nm and 410 nm; and a fluorescent layer positioned over the light emitting element. The fluorescent layer includes a fluorescent whitening agent capable of absorbing at least a portion of the first light, and subsequently emitting a second light having a wavelength between 420 nm and 510 nm; and a photoluminescent material capable of absorbing at least a portion of the first light and at least a portion of the second light, and subsequently emitting a third light having a wavelength longer than wavelengths of the first light and the second light.
A light emitting diode lamp includes a heat sink, a socket, a light emitting module, a holder and a lens. The socket and the holder are respectively positioned opposite sides of the heat sink. The light emitting module is combined with the heat sink and has a light emitting diode unit. The lens is mounted on the light emitting diode unit and combined inside the holder. The heat sink includes a substrate and a plurality of heat dissipating fins. The substrate has a plurality of extending arms in a manner that a slot is formed between two neighboring extending arms. A plurality of heat dissipating fins is inserted into the corresponding slots. One of opposite sidewall surfaces of each extending arm is against one of opposite surfaces of each heat dissipating fin. Thereby, there is no need of producing a heat sink by soldering.
A light emitting diode includes a casing, comprising a concave accommodation space; a lead frame, disposed in the casing, wherein the lead frame has at least two individual leads which extend into the accommodation space; a light emitting chip, disposed in the accommodation space and electrically connected to the leads; and an encapsulating material, inside the accommodation space. The light emitting diode emits light along an optical axis. The ratio of a first tilt angle between the first reflecting wall and the optical axis, and a second tilt angle to a second tilt angle between the second reflecting wall and the optical axis is no more than 4.
An LED package includes a housing, a substrate, a pad frame and an LED chip. The housing includes a plastic material, and has a recess with an opening at a top of the housing. The substrate includes substantially the same material with the housing. The pad frame includes conductive material, and is inserted on the substrate, and is fixed between the housing and the substrate. The LED chip is mounted on the pad frame and is disposed at a center of the recess. The housing is protruded and extended to a lower portion of the LED chip. Thicknesses of the housing's sidewalls facing to each other through the recess are substantially the same with each other.
A light emitting diode (LED) with higher illumination efficiency is revealed. The LED includes a LED chip and an optical layer arranged on the bottom of the LED chip. The optical layer is a light-guiding layer, a light reflective layer or an energy-conversion layer that increases light emitting efficiency of the LED. Furthermore, a rough layer is disposed between the LED chip and the optical layer so as to increase surface area of the LED chip. Thus light emitted from the LED chip enters the optical layer more easily and the illumination efficiency of the LED is increased.
To provide a liquid crystal display device having high quality display by obtaining a high aperture ratio while securing a sufficient storage capacitor (Cs), and at the same time, by dispersing a load (a pixel writing-in electric current) of a capacitor wiring in a timely manner to effectively reduce the load. A scanning line is formed on a different layer from a gate electrode and the capacitor wiring is arranged so as to be parallel with a signal line. Each pixel is connected to the individually independent capacitor wiring via a dielectric. Therefore, variations in the electric potential of the capacitor wiring caused by a writing-in electric current of a neighboring pixel can be avoided, whereby obtaining satisfactory display images.
A light-emitting diode (“LED”) package is disclosed. The LED package includes a substrate, a pad frame, an LED chip and a housing. The pad frame includes a conductive lead divided by insulation materials on the substrate. The LED chip is mounted on the conductive lead. The housing surrounds the LED chip and the conductive lead, and has opening recess exposing the LED chip and a part of the conductive lead. The conductive lead includes a protrusion extended in both directions substantially perpendicular to a longitudinal direction of the housing.
Disclosed is a side view light emitting diode (LED) package whose light emitting surface has been relatively expanded. The LED package includes a housing and a lead frame extended externally through the housing and bent in a direction of the recessed space. The housing includes a reflecting housing having a cavity and a supporting housing.
Disclosed is a light-emitting diode package. The light-emitting diode package includes an electrode pad on which a chip is placed; a housing having a window through which the chip is exposed; a housing wall defining the window; and an electrode lead extended from the electrode pad in a direction of the housing to be exposed outside a surface of the housing, wherein the housing wall formed in the direction comprises a first portion and a second portion thicker than the first portion to cover the electrode lead.
Disclosed are a light emitting diode package and a manufacturing method thereof. According to an embodiment of the present invention, the method includes: manufacturing a package main body having a plurality of cavities, the cavities being formed in a line on one surface, through molding by putting thermoplastic polymer into a previously produced mold; forming an electrode passing through the package main body; mounting a light emitting diode chip on a basal surface of the each cavity formed in the package main body; connecting electrically the light emitting diode chip and the electrode by using a bonding means; and sealing the light emitting diode chip and the bonding means by using a molding resin.
Disclosed are a leadframe having heat sink supporting parts, a light emitting diode package in which the leadframe is employed, and a fabricating method of a light emitting diode package using the leadframe. The leadframe includes an outer frame surrounding a predetermined region. The heat sink supporting parts extend inward to face each other from the outer frame. Each of the supporting parts has an end portion coupled to a heat sink. Further, lead terminals extend inward to face each other from the outer frame. The lead terminals are spaced apart from the supporting parts. Accordingly, a package main body can be formed by an insert molding technique after the heat sink is coupled to the end portions of the supporting parts, and the heat sink and the lead terminals can be easily aligned.
A method for manufacturing flip-chip light emitting diode (LED) package. A recess array is formed at the top surface of a silicon wafer. Two through-wafer via holes are formed in the recess. A plurality of LED chips are flip-chip mounted in each of the recesses, respectively. Two electrodes of each LED chip are respectively covered the two via holes. An encapsulator for encapsulating each LED chip is arranged in the recess to provide a flat top surface. A metal layer is deposited on the bottom surface of the silicon wafer to electrically connecting with the electrodes through the two via holes. Metal lines which electrically connecting the electrodes are formed by patterning the metal layer. A plurality of silicon submounts, each including at least one recess, are cut off from the silicon wafer. A fluorescent layer is arranged on the top surface of the encapsulator.
A semiconductor device having an IGBT includes: a substrate; a drift layer and a base layer on the substrate; trenches penetrating the base layer to divide the base layer into base parts; an emitter region in one base part; a gate element in the trenches; an emitter electrode; and a collector electrode. The one base part provides a channel layer, and another base part provides a float layer having no emitter region. The gate element includes a gate electrode next to the channel layer and a dummy gate electrode next to the float layer. The float layer includes a first float layer adjacent to the channel layer and a second float layer apart from the channel layer. The dummy gate electrode and the first float layer are coupled with a first float wiring on the base layer. The dummy gate electrode is isolated from the second float layer.
The invention relates to a high-frequency integrated circuit requiring ESD protection for a circuit node. One or more metallic layer is deposited within the integrated circuit and patterned to form a transmission line. The metallic layers are generally already present in the integrated circuit for signal routing. The transmission line is coupled between the circuit node and a terminal of an ESD protection device, with a transmission line return conductor coupled to a high-frequency ground. The transmission line is formed with an electrical length that transforms the impedance of the ESD protection device substantially into an open circuit at the circuit node at an operational frequency of the integrated circuit. The other terminal of the ESD protection device is coupled to the high-frequency ground.
The present invention provides a dual triggered silicon controlled rectifier (DTSCR) including: a semiconductor substrate, an N-well, a P-well, a first N+ diffusion region and a first P+ diffusion region, a second N+ diffusion region and a second P+ diffusion region; a third P+ diffusion region, positioned in one side of the DTSCR and across the N-well and the P-well; a third N+ diffusion region, positioned in another side of the DTSCR and across the N-well and the P-well; a first gate, positioned above the N-well between the second and the third P+ diffusion regions, utilized as a P-type trigger node to receive a first trigger current or a first trigger voltage; and a second gate, positioned above the P-well between the first and the third N+ diffusion regions, utilized as an N-type trigger node to receive a second trigger current or a second trigger voltage.
Semiconductor-on-diamond (SOD) substrates and methods for making such substrates are provided. In one aspect, a method of making an SOD substrate may include depositing a base layer onto a lattice-orienting silicon (Si) substrate such that the base layer lattice is substantially oriented by the Si substrate, depositing a semiconductor layer onto the base layer such that the semiconductor layer lattice is substantially oriented with respect to the base layer lattice, and disposing a layer of diamond onto the semiconductor layer. The base layer may include numerous materials, including, without limitation, aluminum phosphide (Alp), boron arsenide (BAs), gallium nitride (GaN), indium nitride (InN), and combinations thereof. Additionally, the method may further include removing the lattice-orienting Si substrate and the base layer from the semiconductor layer. In one aspect, the Si substrate may be of a single crystal orientation.
A relaxed silicon germanium structure comprises a silicon buffer layer produced using a chemical vapor deposition process with an operational pressure greater than approximately 1 torr. The relaxed silicon germanium structure further comprises a silicon germanium layer deposited over the silicon buffer layer. The silicon germanium layer has less than about 10 threading dislocations per square centimeter. By depositing the silicon buffer layer at a reduced deposition rate, the overlying silicon germanium layer can be provided with a “crosshatch free” surface.
A III-nitride heterojunction power semiconductor device that includes a passivation body with a gate well having a top mouth that is wider than the bottom mouth thereof, and a method of fabrication for the same.
A semiconductor device includes a field effect transistor formed of a GaN-based compound semiconductor and having a source electrode, a drain electrode, and a gate electrode, and a diode formed of a semiconductor material having a gandgap energy smaller than a bandgap energy of the GaN-based compound semiconductor. A cathode electrode and an anode electrode of the diode are electrically connected to the source electrode and the gate electrode of the field effect transistor, respectively.
A method of selectively forming a spacer on a first class of transistors and devices formed by such methods. The method can include depositing a conformal first deposition layer on a substrate with different classes of transistors situated thereon, depositing a blocking layer to at least one class of transistors, dry etching the first deposition layer, removing the blocking layer, depositing a conformal second deposition layer on the substrate, dry etching the second deposition layer and wet etching the remaining first deposition layer. Devices may include transistors of a first class with larger spacers compared to spacers of transistors of a second class.
Semiconductor devices, methods of manufacturing thereof, and methods of arranging circuit components of an integrated circuit are disclosed. In one embodiment, a semiconductor device includes an array of a plurality of devices arranged in a plurality of rows. At least one electrostatic discharge (ESD) protection circuit or a portion thereof is disposed in at least one of the plurality of rows of the array of the plurality of devices.
Semiconductor devices, methods of manufacturing thereof, and methods of arranging circuit components of an integrated circuit are disclosed. In one embodiment, a semiconductor device includes an array of a plurality of devices arranged in a plurality of rows. At least one radio frequency (RF) circuit or a portion thereof is disposed in at least one of the plurality of rows of the array of the plurality of devices.
Programmable nanotube interconnect is disclosed. In one embodiment, a method includes forming a interconnect layer using a plurality of nanotube structures, and automatically altering a route of an integrated circuit based on an electrical current applied to at least one of the plurality of nanotube structures in the interconnect layer. Neighboring interconnect layers separated by planar vias may include communication lines that are perpendicularly oriented with respect to each of the neighboring interconnect layers. The nanotube structure may be chosen from a group comprising a polymer, carbon, and a composite material. A carbon nanotube film may be patterned in a metal layer to form the plurality of nanotube structures. A sputtered planar process may be performed across a trench of electrodes to create the carbon nanotube structures.
A solid-state imaging device includes: an imaging region including a plurality of light-receiving parts; a first transfer section provided on the imaging region and transferring, in a first direction, signals generated by the light-receiving parts; a second transfer section provided at a first side of the imaging region and transferring, in a second direction intersecting the first direction, the signals transferred from the first transfer section; an output circuit for outputting the signals; and bonding pads provided at the first side of the imaging region with the second transfer section sandwiched between the imaging region and the bonding pads. The bonding pads are arranged in a plurality of rows each extending in the second direction. Each of the bonding pads in one of the rows at least partially overlaps one of the bonding pads in another one of the rows when viewed in the first direction.
A semiconductor device and a fabrication method of the semiconductor device, the semiconductor device including: a gate electrode, a source electrode, and a drain electrode which are placed on a first surface of a substrate, and have a plurality of fingers; a gate terminal electrode, a source terminal electrode, and the drain terminal electrode which governed and formed a plurality of fingers for every the gate electrode, the source electrode, and the drain electrode; an active area placed on an underneath part of the gate electrode, the source electrode, and the drain electrode, on the substrate between the gate electrode and source electrode, and on the substrate between the gate electrode and the drain electrode; a sealing layer which is placed on the active area, the gate electrode, the source electrode, and the drain electrode through a cavity part, and performs a hermetic seal of the active area, the gate electrode, the source electrode, and the drain electrode. Accordingly, the semiconductor element itself can have air-tightness, it is not necessary to cover the gate electrode surface with a damp-proof protective film, gate capacitance of the semiconductor element is reduced, and high frequency characteristics and gain of the semiconductor element improve.
Inward dielectric spacers for a replacement gate integration scheme are described. A semiconductor device is fabricated by first providing a substrate having thereon a placeholder gate electrode disposed in a dielectric layer. The placeholder gate electrode is removed to from a trench in the dielectric layer. A pair of dielectric spacers is then formed adjacent to the sidewalls of the trench. Finally, a gate electrode is formed in the trench and adjacent to the pair of dielectric layers.
An electronic device can include a gate electrode having different portions with different conductivity types. In an embodiment, a process of forming the electronic device can include forming a semiconductor layer over a substrate, wherein the semiconductor layer has a particular conductivity type. The process can also include selectively doping a region of the semiconductor layer to form a first doped region having an opposite conductivity type. The process can further include patterning the semiconductor layer to form a gate electrode that includes a first portion and a second portion, wherein the first portion includes a portion of the first doped region, and the second region includes a portion of the semiconductor layer outside of the first doped region. In a particular embodiment, the electronic device can have a gate electrode having edge portions of one conductivity type and a central portion having an opposite conductivity type.
A semiconductor device according to an embodiment of the present invention includes a substrate, a gate insulation film formed on the substrate, a gate electrode formed on the gate insulation film, sidewall insulation films provided on side surfaces of the gate electrode, and stress application layers embedded in source and drain regions located, on a surface of the substrate, at a position which sandwiches the gate electrode, and applying stress to a channel region located under the gate insulation film in the substrate, a height of upper ends of interfaces between the substrate and the stress application layers being higher than a height of a lower end of an interface between the substrate and the gate insulation film.
Systems and methods of fabricating silicon-based thin film transistors (TFTs) on flexible substrates. The systems and methods incorporate and combine deposition processes such as chemical vapor deposition and plasma-enhance vapor deposition, printing, coating, and other deposition processes, with laser annealing, etching techniques, and laser doping, all performed at low temperatures such that the precision, resolution, and registration is achieved to produce a high performing transistor. Such TFTs can be used in applications such as displays, packaging, labeling, and the like.
A semiconductor device having a source electrode and a drain electrode formed over a semiconductor substrate, a gate electrode formed over the semiconductor substrate and disposed between the source electrode and the drain electrode, a protection film made of an insulating material and formed between the source electrode and the gate electrode and between the drain electrode and the gate electrode, and a gate side opening formed at least in one of a portion of the protection film between the source electrode and the gate electrode and a portion of the protection film between the drain electrode and the gate electrode and disposed away from all of the gate electrode, the source electrode and the drain electrode.
A CMOS image sensor and method for fabricating the same, wherein the CMOS image sensor has minimized dark current at the boundary area between a photodiode and an isolation layer. The present invention includes a first-conductivity-type doping area formed in the device isolation area of the substrate, the first-conductivity-type doping area surrounding the isolation area and a dielectric layer formed between the isolation layer and the first-conductivity-type doping area, wherein the first-conductivity-type doping area and the dielectric layer are located between the isolation layer and a second-conductivity-type diffusion area.
In a full CMOS SRAM having a lateral type cell (memory cell having three partitioned wells arranged side by side in a word line extending direction and longer in the word line direction than in the bit line direction) including first and second driver MOS transistors, first and second load MOS transistors and first and second access MOS transistors, two capacitors are arranged spaced apart from each other on embedded interconnections to be storage nodes, with lower and upper cell plates cross-coupled to each other.
A semiconductor flash memory device. The flash memory device includes a floating gate electrode disposed in a recess having slanted sides in a semiconductor substrate. A gate insulation film is interposed between the floating gate electrode and the semiconductor substrate. A control gate electrode is disposed over the floating gate electrode. The floating gate electrode includes projections adjacent to the slanted sides of the recess.
Non-volatile semiconductor memory devices with dual control gate memory cells and methods of forming are provided. A charge storage layer is etched into strips extending across a substrate surface in a row direction with a tunnel dielectric layer therebetween. The resulting strips may be continuous in the row direction or may comprise individual charge storage regions if already divided along their length in the row direction. A second layer of dielectric material is formed along the sidewalls of the strips and over the tunnel dielectric layer in the spaces therebetween. The second layer is etched into regions overlaying the tunnel dielectric layer in the spaces between strips. An intermediate dielectric layer is formed along exposed portions of the sidewalls of the strips and over the second dielectric layer in the spaces therebetween. A layer of control gate material is deposited in the spaces between strips. The resulting control gates are separated from the strips by the intermediate dielectric layer and from the substrate surface by the tunnel dielectric layer, the second layer of dielectric material and the intermediate dielectric layer.
An electronic device includes a memory cell. The memory cell includes a semiconductor region, a first current-carrying electrode adjacent to the semiconductor region, and a first dopant-containing region adjacent to a first current-carrying electrode. The semiconductor region includes a Group 14 atom and the first dopant-containing region includes a Group 13 atom. The Group 13 atom has an atomic number greater than the atomic number of the Group 14 atom.
A nonvolatile semiconductor memory device includes a semiconductor substrate having a plurality of active regions separately formed by a plurality of trenches formed in a surface of the substrate at predetermined intervals, a first gate insulating film formed on an upper surface of the substrate corresponding to each active region, a gate electrode of a memory cell transistor formed by depositing an electrical charge storage layer formed on an upper surface of the gate insulating film, a second gate insulating film and a control gate insulating film sequentially, an element isolation insulating film buried in each trench and formed from a coating type oxide film, and an insulating film formed inside each trench on a boundary between the semiconductor substrate and the element isolation insulating film, the insulating film containing nontransition metal atoms and having a film thickness not more than 5 Å.
The semiconductor device includes: a plurality of bit lines formed in stripes in a semiconductor substrate of a first conductivity type, each of the bit lines being a diffusion layer of an impurity of a second conductivity type; a plurality of gate insulation films s formed on regions of the semiconductor substrate between the bit lines; a plurality of word lines formed on the semiconductor substrate via the gate insulating films, the word lines extending in a direction intersecting with the bit lines; and a plurality of bit line isolation diffusion layers formed in regions of the semiconductor substrate between the word lines, each of the bit line isolation diffusion layers being a diffusion layer of an impurity of the first conductivity type. The bit line isolation diffusion layer includes a diffusion suppressor for suppressing diffusion of an impurity.
Semiconductor component including a drift region and a drift control region. One embodiment provides a drift zone and a drift control zone. A drift control zone dielectric is arranged between the first drift zone and the drift control zone and has at least two sections arranged at a distance from one another in a current flow direction of the component. At least one separating structure is arranged between the drift zone and the drift control zone in the region of an interruption, defined by the at least two sections, of the drift control zone dielectric and has at least one PN junction.
A field effect transistor (FET) includes body regions of a first conductivity type over a semiconductor region of a second conductivity type. Source regions of the second conductivity type extend over the body regions. Gate electrodes extend adjacent to but are insulated from the body regions by a gate dielectric layer. Contact openings extend into the body regions between adjacent gate electrodes. A seed layer extends along the bottom of each contact opening. The seed layer serves as a nucleation site for promoting growth of conductive fill material. A conductive fill material fills a lower portion of each contact opening. An interconnect layer fills an upper portion of each contact opening and is in direct contact with the conductive fill material. The interconnect layer is also in direct contact with corresponding source regions along upper sidewalls of the contact openings.
The present invention provides a technique capable of attaining an improvement in current detection accuracy in a trench gate type power MISFET equipped with a current detection circuit. Inactive cells are disposed so as to surround the periphery of a sense cell. That is, the inactive cell is provided between the sense cell and an active cell. All of the sense cell, active cell and inactive cells are respectively formed of a trench gate type power MISFET equipped with a dummy gate electrode. At this time, the depth of each trench extends through a channel forming region and is formed up to the deep inside (the neighborhood of a boundary with a semiconductor substrate) of an n-type epitaxial layer. Further, a p-type semiconductor region is provided at a lower portion of each trench. The p-type semiconductor region is formed so as to contact the semiconductor substrate.
A power metal-oxide semiconductor (MOS) transistor device is provided. The power MOS transistor device includes a drain region disposed in a substrate, a gate structure layer disposed over the substrate, and enclosing a periphery of the drain region, and a source region formed in the substrate and distributed at an outer periphery of the gate structure layer. In addition, the MOS transistor device can, for example, form a transistor array.
Provided are a semiconductor device and a method for manufacturing the semiconductor device. The semiconductor device includes: a gate electrode formed of polysilicon on a substrate with a gate insulating layer interposed between the gate electrode and the substrate; a source region and a drain region formed on the substrate on either side of the gate electrode; a PMD (poly-metal dielectric) liner nitride layer having a non-stoichiometric structure formed on the gate electrode, the source region, and the drain region; and an interlayer insulating layer formed on the PMD liner nitride layer.
A memory includes a U-shape layer on a substrate; a first diffusion layer provided at an upper part of the U-shaped layer; a second diffusion layer provided at a lower part of the U-shaped layer; a body formed at an intermediate portion of the U-shaped layer between the first and the second diffusion layers; a first gate dielectric film provided on an outer side surface of the U-shaped layer; a first gate electrode provided on the first gate dielectric film; a second gate dielectric film provided on an inner side surface of the U-shaped layer; a second gate electrode provided on the second gate dielectric film; a bit line contact connecting the bit line to the first diffusion layer; a source line contact connecting the source line to the second diffusion layer, wherein cells adjacent in the first direction alternately share the bit line contact and the source line contact.
Complementary metal gate dense interconnects and methods of manufacturing the interconnects is provided. The method comprises forming a first metal gate on a wafer and second metal gate on the wafer. A conductive interconnect material is deposited in a space formed between the first metal gate and the second metal gate to provide an electrical connection between the first metal gate and the second metal gate.
A semiconductor device includes: an insulated gate field effect transistor of a first conductivity type as a first transistor, the first transistor having a gate insulating film and a gate electrode; and an insulated gate field effect transistor of a second conductivity type opposite to the first conductivity type as a second transistor, the second transistor having a gate insulating film and a gate electrode.
A semiconductor device includes a first MIS transistor, and a second MIS transistor having a threshold voltage higher than that of the first MIS transistor. The first MIS transistor includes a first gate insulating film made of a high-k insulating film formed on a first channel region, and a first gate electrode having a first conductive portion provided on and contacting the first gate insulating film and a second conductive portion. The second MIS transistor includes a second gate insulating film made of the high-k insulating film formed on a second channel region, and a second gate electrode having a third conductive portion provided on and contacting the second gate insulating film and a fourth conductive portion. The third conductive portion has a film thickness smaller than that of the first conductive portion, and is made of the same composition material as that of the first conductive portion.
A SRAM bit cell and an associated method of producing the SRAM bit cell with improved performance and stability is provided. In one configuration, channel mobility of the transistors within the SRAM bit cell may be adjusted to provide improved stability. In order to adjust the channel mobility, a stress memorization technique may be used, a wide spacer may be used, germanium may be implanted on tensile stress silicon nitride, a compressive liner may be used or silicon germanium may be embedded in one or more of the devices in the cell. In another configuration, the gate capacitance of each device within the SRAM bit cell may be adjusted to achieve high SRAM yield. For instance, a thick gate oxide may be used, phosphorous pre-doping may be used or fluorine pre-doping may be used in one or more of the devices within the cell.
The invention is a device for controlling conduction across a semiconductor body with a P type channel layer between active semiconductor regions of the device and the controlling gate contact. The device, often a MOSFET or an IGBT, includes at least one source, well, and drift region. The P type channel layer may be divided into sections, or divided regions, that have been doped to exhibit N type conductivity. By dividing the channel layer into regions of different conductivity, the channel layer allows better control over the threshold voltage that regulates current through the device. Accordingly, one of the divided regions in the channel layer is a threshold voltage regulating region. The threshold-voltage regulating region maintains its original P type conductivity and is available in the transistor for a gate voltage to invert a conductive zone therein. The conductive zone becomes the voltage regulated conductive channel within the device.
Provided are semiconductor devices and methods of fabricating the same, and more specifically, semiconductor devices having a W—Ni alloy thin layer that has a low resistance, and methods of fabricating the same. The semiconductor devices include the W—Ni alloy thin layer. The weight of Ni in the W—Ni alloy thin layer may be in a range from approximately 0.01 to approximately 5.0 wt % of the total weight of the W—Ni alloy thin layer.
Methods and systems for packaging MEMS devices such as interferometric modulator arrays are disclosed. One embodiment of a MEMS device package structure includes a seal with a chemically reactant getter. Another embodiment of a MEMS device package comprises a primary seal with a getter, and a secondary seal proximate an outer periphery of the primary seal. Yet another embodiment of a MEMS device package comprises a getter positioned inside the MEMS device package and proximate an inner periphery of the package seal.
The present invention is to provide an electromagnetic wave detecting element that can prevent a decrease in light utilization efficiency at sensor portions. The sensor portions are provided so as to correspond to respective intersection portions of scan lines and signal lines, and have semiconductor layer that generate charges due to electromagnetic waves being irradiated, and at whose electromagnetic wave irradiation surface sides upper electrodes are formed, and at whose electromagnetic wave non-irradiation surface sides lower electrodes are formed. Bias voltage is supplied to the respective upper electrodes via respective contact holes by a common electrode line that is formed further toward an electromagnetic wave downstream side than the semiconductor layer.
Methods and apparatuses providing color filter patterns arranged to reduce cross talk in image signals. The apparatuses include an array of pixels, each pixel having an associated color filter, arranged such that cross-talk is distributed among pixel signals of each color of the color filters.
An optical image sensor is fabricated by forming a pixel array and a peripheral region surrounding the pixel array on a semiconductor substrate, the peripheral region containing peripheral circuitry. An inter-level-dielectric layer is formed over the substrate and a plurality of interconnect wiring layers are formed over the inter-level-dielectric layer. Each interconnect wiring layer includes interconnecting metal features and a layer of inter-level-dielectric material covering the interconnecting metal features. The plurality of interconnect wiring layers are provided in a manner that there are N levels of wiring layers in the peripheral region and 1 to (N−1) levels of wiring layers over the pixel array. An etch-stop layer is formed over the top-most level interconnecting metal features in the peripheral region.
In a solid-state imaging device, the pixel circuit formed on the first surface side of the semiconductor substrate is shared by a plurality of light reception regions. The second surface side of the semiconductor substrate is made the light incident side of the light reception regions. The second surface side regions of the light reception regions formed in the second surface side part of the semiconductor substrate are arranged at approximately even intervals and the first surface side regions of the light reception regions formed in the first surface side part of the semiconductor substrate are arranged at uneven intervals, respectively, and the second surface side regions and the first surface side regions are joined respectively in the semiconductor substrate so that the light reception regions extend from the second surface side to the first surface side of the semiconductor substrate.
A solid-state imaging device having a light-receiving section that photoelectrically converts incident light includes an insulating film formed on a light-receiving surface of the light-receiving section and a film and having negative fixed charges formed on the insulating film. A hole accumulation layer is formed on a light-receiving surface side of the light-receiving section. A peripheral circuit section in which peripheral circuits are formed is provided on a side of the light-receiving section. The insulating film is formed between a surface of the peripheral circuit section and the film having negative fixed charges such that a distance from the surface of the peripheral circuit section to the film having negative fixed charges is larger than a distance from a surface of the light-receiving section to the film having negative fixed charges.
A solid-state imaging device includes: a light-receiving pixel part configured to be formed on a semiconductor substrate; a black-level reference pixel part configured to be formed on the semiconductor substrate; and a multilayer interconnect part configured to be provided over the semiconductor substrate. The multilayer interconnect part includes an insulating layer formed over the semiconductor substrate and metal interconnect layers formed as a plurality of layers in the insulating layer. The multilayer interconnect part has a first light-blocking film formed above an area between first metal interconnects of a first metal interconnect layer as one of the metal interconnect layers above the black-level reference pixel part, and a second light-blocking film that is connected to the first light-blocking film and is formed of a second metal interconnect layer over the first metal interconnect layer.
The present invention provides a solid-state imaging element including: a silicon layer having a photodiode formed therein and a positive charge accumulation region formed on the surface thereof; and an optical waveguide formed above the photodiode to guide incident light into the photodiode, wherein an insulating layer is formed in the optical waveguide, and the insulating layer has a dielectric constant of 5 or greater and negative fixed charge.
Microelectronic imagers, methods for packaging microelectronic imagers, and methods for forming electrically conductive through-wafer interconnects in microelectronic imagers are disclosed herein. In one embodiment, a microelectronic imaging die can include a microelectronic substrate, an integrated circuit, and an image sensor electrically coupled to the integrated circuit. A bond-pad is carried by the substrate and electrically coupled to the integrated circuit. An electrically conductive through-wafer interconnect extends partially through the substrate and is in contact with the bond-pad. The interconnect can include a passage extending partially through the substrate to the bond-pad, a dielectric liner deposited into the passage and in contact with the substrate, a conductive layer deposited onto at least a portion of the dielectric liner, a wetting agent deposited onto at least a portion of the conductive layer, and a conductive fill material deposited into the passage and electrically coupled to the bond-pad.
A thermoelectric module has a first substrate, a second substrate spaced from the first substrate, a plurality of P type thermoelectric elements and N type thermoelectric elements arranged in the space between the first and second substrates, and a plurality of electrodes which connect the P type and N type thermoelectric elements in series. Each electrode is connected to a respective one of the plurality of P type thermoelectric elements at a first connection and a respective one of the plurality of N type thermoelectric elements in the space, and a sealant is located at an edge portion of the space. Each one of a series of first or outer electrodes closest to the edge portion of the space has a concave portion that is concaved in a direction departing from the edge portion of the space and is at a position between the first connection and the second connection.
One embodiment of the present invention provides a system that facilitates reducing the power needed for proximity communication. This system includes an integrated circuit with an array of transmission pads that transmit a signal using proximity communication. A layer of fill metal is located in proximity to this array of transmission pads, wherein the layer of fill metal is “floating” (e.g., not connected to any signal). Leaving this layer of fill metal floating reduces the parasitic capacitance for the array of transmission pads, which can reduce the amount of power needed to transmit the signal.
Disclosed are embodiments of a hybrid-orientation technology (HOT) wafer and a method of forming the HOT wafer with improved shallow trench isolation (STI) structures for patterning devices in both silicon-on-insulator (SOI) regions, having a first crystallographic orientation, and bulk regions, having a second crystallographic orientation. The improved STI structures are formed using a non-selective etch process to ensure that all of the STI structures and, particularly, the STI structures at the SOI-bulk interfaces, each extend to the semiconductor substrate and have an essentially homogeneous (i.e., single material) and planar (i.e., divot-free) bottom surface that is approximately parallel to the top surface of the substrate. Optionally, an additional selective etch process can be used to extend the STI structures a predetermined depth into the substrate.
The present invention relates to a semiconductor device with a device isolation structure and a method for fabricating the same. The semiconductor device includes: a substrate provided with a trench formed in the substrate; and at least one device isolation structure including an oxide layer formed on the trench, a nitride layer formed on the oxide layer disposed on sidewalls of the trench and a high density plasma oxide layer formed on the nitride layer to fill the trench.
Methods and apparatuses to design an Integrated Circuit (IC) with a shielding of wires. In at least one embodiment, a shielding mesh of at least two reference voltages (e.g., power and ground) is used to reduce both the capacitive coupling and the inductive coupling in routed signal wires in IC chips. In some embodiments, a type of shielding mesh (e.g., a shielding mesh with a window surrounded by a power ring, or a window with a parser set of shielding wires) is selected to make more routing area available in locally congested areas. In other embodiments, the shielding mesh is used to create or add bypass capacitance. Other embodiments are also disclosed.
A semiconductor device according to the invention is a semiconductor device which includes a low dielectric constant film of which the relative dielectric constant is less than 3.5, is provided with one or more seal rings that are moisture blocking walls in closed loop form in a plan view, and where at least one of the seal rings includes a seal ring protrusion portion in inward protruding form in the vicinity of a chip corner.
A semiconductor device comprises an active region formed in a semiconductor substrate and a gate electrode formed on the active region via a gate insulating film formed on a surface of the active region. A peripheral portion of the gate electrode and a peripheral portion of the active region overlap each other at a position where the active region is not divided by the gate electrode when viewed in plan view, thus forming an overlap region.
A semiconductor device includes a first and second structures formed in a first insulating layer, a lower metal interconnection formed in the second structure, a metal-insulator-metal (MIM) capacitor formed in the first structure, and first, second and third electrodes formed in the first structure and electrically connected to the MIM capacitor. The first electrode is a chip bottom metal (CBM) layer, the second electrode is a first chip top metal (CTM) layer and the third electrode is a second chip top metal (CTM) layer.
A capacitor has an MIM (Metal Insulator Metal) structure comprising a lower electrode formed in the interior of an electrode trench which is formed in an interlayer insulating film, a dielectric film formed over the lower electrode, and an upper electrode formed over the dielectric film. The upper electrode and the dielectric film are each formed with an area larger than the area of the lower electrode so that the whole of the lower electrode is positioned inside the upper electrode and the dielectric film. The reliability and production yield of the capacitor are improved.
A capacitor structure for a pumping circuit includes a substrate, a U-shaped bottom electrode in the substrate, a T-shaped top electrode in the substrate and a dielectric layer disposed between the U-shaped bottom and T-shaped top electrode. The contact area of the capacitor structure between the U-shaped bottom and T-shaped top electrode is extended by means of the cubic engagement of the U-shaped bottom electrode and the T-shaped top electrode.
A circuit connection structure that exhibits excellent adhesiveness between a heat resistant resin film and a circuit adhesive member, even under high temperature and high humidity, is provided by introducing a chemically stable functional group into the heat resistant resin film by additional surface treatment to improve adhesiveness. In a circuit connection structure, a semiconductor substrate and a circuit member are adhered by a circuit adhesive member sandwiched therewith. First circuit electrode on the semiconductor substrate and second circuit electrode on the circuit member are connected electrically by conductive particles in the circuit adhesive member. A surface modification is given to the semiconductor substrate by plasma treatment using gas containing nitrogen, ammonia and the like. Therefore, the heat resistant resin film on the semiconductor substrate and the circuit adhesive member are firmly adhered for a long period of time even under high temperature and high humidity.
A wafer having a heat dissipation structure is provided. The wafer having the heat dissipation structure includes a wafer and a number of metallic heat dissipation parts. The wafer has a first surface and a second surface opposite thereto. Besides, a number of blind holes are formed on the second surface of the wafer. The metallic heat dissipation parts are partially embedded in the blind holes respectively and protrude from the second surface of the wafer.
After forming a ring-shaped trench penetrating through a semiconductor substrate from a rear surface side thereof and forming an insulating film inside the trench and on the rear surface of the semiconductor substrate, a through hole is formed in the insulating film and semiconductor substrate on an inner side of the ring-shaped trench from the rear surface side, thereby exposing a surface protection insulating film formed on a front surface of the semiconductor substrate at a bottom of the through hole. After removing the surface protection insulating film at the bottom of the through hole to form an opening to expose an element surface electrode, a contact electrode connected to the element surface electrode is formed on inner walls of the through hole and opening, and a pad electrode made of the same layer as the contact electrode is formed on the rear surface of the semiconductor substrate.
A method for fabricating an integrated circuit including forming a first trench in a rear side of a semiconductor wafer, wherein the first trench has a depth extending partially through a thickness of the semiconductor wafer, coating the rear side with a layer of coating material, including filling the first trench with the coating material, and forming a second trench in a front side of the semiconductor wafer, wherein the second trench is aligned with and has a width less than a width of the first trench, and wherein the second trench has a depth extending at least through a remaining portion of the semiconductor wafer so as to be in communication with the coating material filling the first trench.
An electronic device and method of manufacturing. One embodiment includes attaching a first semiconductor chip to a first metallic clip. The first semiconductor chip is placed over a leadframe after the attachment of the first semiconductor chip to the first metallic clip.
In a non-leaded type semiconductor device, a tab, tab suspension leads, and other leads are exposed to one surface of a seal member. A semiconductor element is positioned within the seal member and fixed to a surface of the tab with an adhesive. The tab is formed larger than the semiconductor element so that outer peripheral edges of the tab are positioned outside outer peripheral edges of the semiconductor element. A groove is formed in the tab surface portion positioned between the area to which the semiconductor element is fixed and wire connection areas to which the wires are connected, the groove being formed so as to surround the semiconductor element fixing area, thereby preventing peeling-off between the tab to which the semiconductor element is fixed and the resin which constitutes the package.
Disclosed in this specification is a multiphase buck converter package and process for forming such package. The package includes at least four dies and at least nine parallel leads. The dies are electrically connected through a plurality of die attach pads, thus eliminating the need for wirebonding.
A wiring device for a semiconductor device, a composite wiring device for a semiconductor device and a resin-sealed semiconductor device are provided, each of which is capable of mounting thereon a semiconductor chip smaller than conventional chips and being manufactured at lower cost. The wiring device electrically connects an electrode provided on a semiconductor chip with an external wiring device, and has an insulating layer, a metal substrate and a copper wiring layer. The metal substrate is provided on one side of the insulating layer. The copper wiring layer is provided on another side of the insulating layer. The wiring device has a semiconductor chip support portion provided on the side of the copper wiring layer with respect to the insulating layer. The copper wiring layer includes a first terminal, a second terminal and a wiring portion. The first terminal is connected with the electrode provided on the semiconductor chip. The second terminal is connected with the external wiring device. The wiring portion connects the first terminal with the second terminal.
The present invention enables improvement of bonding reliability of the conductive adhesive interposed between a semiconductor chip and a die pad portion. Provided is a semiconductor device, in which a silicon chip is mounted over the die pad portion integrally formed with a drain lead, has a source pad over the main surface and a drain electrode of a power MOSFET over the back side, and is bonded onto the die pad portion via an Ag paste. In the device, a source lead and the source pad are electrically coupled via an Al ribbon. Over the back surface of the silicon chip, an Ag nanoparticle coated film is formed, while another Ag nanoparticle coated film is formed over the die pad portion and lead (drain lead and source lead).
A method for manufacturing a semiconductor device including covering a portion of at least one semiconductor device with a foil, including covering at least one target region of the semiconductor device, and illuminating the foil with a laser to singulate from the foil a portion covering the at least one target region of the at least one semiconductor device.
Disclosed in this specification is a buck converter package with stacked dice and a process for forming a buck converter. The package includes a die attach pad with a low side die mounted on one surface and a high side die mounted on the opposing surface. The die attach pad is conductive, such that the drain of the low side die is connected to the source of the high side die through the pad. A controller die controls the gates of the high and low side dies. A plurality of leads extends outside of the package to permit electrical connections to the inside of the package. The high side drain is exposed to one of the surfaces of the package.
A semiconductor chip with a chip selection structure suitable for a stacked semiconductor chip includes a semiconductor chip body and a chip selection structure. The chip selection structure includes a chip selection pad disposed over the semiconductor chip body, a main through electrode electrically connected to the chip selection pad, and a sub through electrode interposed between the main through electrode and the chip selection pad. A plurality of the semiconductor chips, each having the same chip selection structure, can be stacked by offsetting the stacked semiconductor chips.
A manufacturing process for an embedded semiconductor device is provided. In the manufacturing process, at least one insulation layer and a substrate are stacked to each other, and a third metal layer is laminated on the insulation layer to embed a semiconductor device in the insulation layer. The substrate has a base, a first circuit layer, a second circuit layer, and at least a first conductive structure passing through the base and electrically connected to the first circuit layer and the second circuit layer. In addition, the third metal layer is patterned to form a third circuit layer having a plurality of third pads.
A printed circuit board providing high reliability using a packaging of high capacity semiconductor chip, a semiconductor package, and a card and a system using the semiconductor package. The semiconductor package includes a substrate having a first surface and a second surface, a semiconductor chip mounted on the first surface of the substrate, at least one land disposed on the second surface of the substrate, and whose circumference includes a plurality of first group arcs, a mask layer covering the second surface of the substrate and including at least one opening that exposes the at least one land, and at least one external terminal disposed on the at least one land, wherein a portion of the at least one land is covered by the mask layer, and a sidewall of another portion of the at least one land is exposed by the at least one opening, and the circumference of the at least one opening includes a plurality of second group arcs, and a radius of the outermost arc from among the plurality of first group arcs is equal to a radius of the outermost arc from among the plurality of second group arcs.
Provided are wafer level chip scale packages, each having a redistribution substrate in which a pad pitch is improved, and methods of fabricating the same. An exemplary wafer level chip scale package includes a semiconductor chip and a redistribution substrate. The semiconductor chip includes a plurality of pads arranged with a first pitch on a first surface thereof. The redistribution substrate includes a plurality of connection wires arranged with a second pitch, which is greater than the first pitch, on a first surface thereof. The redistribution substrate expands a pad pitch from the first pitch to the second pitch by electrically connecting the pads to the connection wires.
Disclosed in this specification is a multiphase buck converter package and process for forming such package. The package includes at least four dice and several parallel leads. The dice are electrically connected through a plurality of die attach pads, thus eliminating the need for wirebonding.
An integrated circuit package system includes: providing a singulated, layered structure equivalent in size to an integrated circuit die and having an adhesive layer, an electrical insulator layer, and a heat slug; attaching the integrated circuit die to a base; attaching bond wires to a top of the base for electrical connection between the integrated circuit die and the base; attaching the singulated, layered structure to the integrated circuit die wherein the bond wires are surrounded by the adhesive layer; and encapsulating the integrated circuit die and a portion of the heat slug with a molding compound.
A semiconductor chip, including: a substrate including an front surface; an integrated circuit formed on the front surface and including a plurality of semiconductor elements; and a heat-radiating plug formed in a region of the substrate corresponding to at least one of the semiconductor elements. The heat-radiating plug is made of a material having a thermal conductivity greater than that of the substrate formed in a non-penetrating hole having its opening on a reverse surface of the substrate.
Vinyl addition polymer compositions, methods for forming such compositions, methods for using such compositions to form microelectronic and optoelectronic devices are provided. The vinyl addition polymer encompassed by such compositions has a polymer backbone having two or more distinct types of repeat units derived from norbornene-type monomers independently selected from monomers of Formula I:
The waveform signals of ultrasonic waves reflected by a plurality of interfaces in a measurement object are received, the waveform signal of a reflected wave on a reference interface inside the measurement object is detected based on the amplitudes of the received waveform signals, and evaluation is made on the bonded condition of an interface to be measured based on the waveform signal of the reflected wave on the reference interface.
Methods of packaging integrated circuits are described. One method relates to attaching a singulated device wafer to a substrate. The singulated device wafer includes a multiplicity of integrated circuit dice arranged in a first configuration. The method also involves a substrate, which includes a sacrificial semiconductor wafer having device areas with metalized contacts. The device areas on the substrate may be arranged in a configuration matching that of the dice on the device wafer. The method also entails aligning the singulated device wafer as a whole with the substrate so that the dice of the device wafer are positioned substantially simultaneously over associated device areas on the substrate. The method also involves attaching the dice from the singulated wafer as a whole substantially simultaneously to the substrate such that each die of the device wafer is attached to an associated device area of the substrate.
In one embodiment, a method of forming a semiconductor device is disclosed. A high-k dielectric is deposited of over a semiconductor body, and a portion of the high-k dielectric is wet etched an etchant selected from the group consisting of hot phos, piranha, and SC1.
