A semiconductor package and a method for manufacturing the same capable of supplying power easily without an increase in the number of pads for power supply. The semiconductor package includes a semiconductor chip having a plurality of pads including pads for power supply disposed in a center portion and an internal wiring disposed to be exposed to outside; an insulating film formed on the semiconductor to expose the pads for power supply and the internal wirings; and re-distribution lines formed on the insulating film to connect between the exposed portions of the pads for power supply and the internal wiring.
A semiconductor device according to the present invention includes: a low dielectric layer made of a low dielectric material; a high dielectric layer formed on the low dielectric layer and made of a high dielectric material having a higher dielectric constant than the low dielectric material; a protective layer formed on the high dielectric layer and made of an insulating material differing from the low dielectric material and the high dielectric material; a groove formed by digging in from an upper surface of the protective layer to the low dielectric layer; a barrier film coated onto a bottom surface and side surfaces of the groove and made of a material having a barrier property with respect to diffusion of Cu; and a wiring formed on the barrier film, made of a metal material having Cu as a main component, and completely filling the groove.
A method of forming an aluminum line of a semiconductor device where first A metal thin layer, a first aluminum layer, and a first B metal thin layer are sequentially applied on an interlayer insulating layer. A photolithography process is performed to form a metal line pattern, and etching is performed thereon. An intermetallic dielectric layer is applied on the metal line pattern. The first B metal thin layer is removed by a chemical mechanical planarization process to form a first stage metal line. A second aluminum layer and a second metal thin layer are sequentially applied. Photoresist is applied, a photolithography process is performed to form a metal line pattern, and etching is performed to form a second stage metal line. An intermetallic dielectric layer is applied on the second stage metal line. A chemical mechanical planarization process is performed on the second intermetallic dielectric layer.
A semiconductor device includes an inter-metal dielectric (IMD) formed on a substrate and having at least one via hole, a via hole formed by filling the via hole with a first metal, a reductant layer formed on the via plug and the inter-metal dielectric to a predetermined thickness, and a metal line layer formed by depositing a second metal on the reductant layer.
A thermocouple and power supply structure. The structure is interleaved through a substrate. The structure includes a first through via extending through the substrate and connected to a first contact on a top surface and a second contact on a bottom surface of the substrate, through via extending through the substrate and connected to the second contact and a third contact on the top surface of the substrate. The first contact, first through via and third contact formed from a first material and the second contact and second through via formed from a second material that is different from the first material.
A fine pitch solder bump structure with a built-in stress buffer that is utilized in electronic packages, and a method of producing the fine pitch solder bump structure with built-in stress buffer. Employed is a very thick final passivation layer that is constituted of a polyimide as a so-called “cushion” for a minimal thickness of UBM (BLM) pad and solder material, while concurrently completely separating the resultingly produced polyimide islands, so that the polyimide material provides most of the physical height for the “standoff” of a modified C4 (controlled collapse chip connection) structure. In employing the polyimide material as the primary structural component of the vertical chip package interconnect in this particular inventive manner, the inherent stress buffering property of the polyimide material is utilized to full advantage by effectively reducing the high stresses encountered during chip manufacture processing steps, such as chip join, reflow, preconditioning and reliability thermal cycle stressing.
An interconnect structure that includes a dielectric material having a dielectric constant of about 3.0 or less is provided. This low k dielectric material has at least one conductive material having an upper surface embedded therein. The dielectric material also has a surface layer that is made hydrophobic prior to the formation of the noble metal cap. The noble metal cap is located directly on the upper surface of the at least one conductive material. Because of the presence of the hydrophobic surface layer on the dielectric material, the noble metal cap does not substantially extend onto the hydrophobic surface layer of the dielectric material that is adjacent to the at least one conductive material and no metal residues from the noble metal cap deposition form on this hydrophobic dielectric surface.
A method is described having the steps of providing a surface having a plurality of wire bondable locations; wire bonding a wire to each of the wire bondable locations using a wire capillary tool; controlling the position of the capillary tool with respect to the substrate; after forming a wire bond of the wire to the wire bondable location moving the capillary tool relative to the surface as the capillary tool is moved away from the surface to form a wire having a predetermined shape.
A substrate via structure for stacked vias includes: a plurality of stacked vias, wherein each via is disposed on a landing; and at least one constrainer disc surrounding at least one via, for constraining in-plane deformation of the substrate via structure. The constrainer disc is embedded such that the constrainer disc is disposed between two layers of resin. The constrainer discs may be made of copper. The constrainer disc may be circular or square-shaped. Preferably there is a dielectric gap between the constrainer disc and the via.
A multi-chip module and method is disclosed. One embodiment provides an electronic module having a first metal structure and a second metal structure. A first semiconductor chip is electrically connected with its back side to the first metal structure. A second semiconductor chip is arranged with its back side lying over the front side of the first semiconductor chip. The second metal structure includes multiple external contact elements attached over the front side of the second semiconductor chip. At least two of the multiple external contact elements are electrically connected to the front side of the second semiconductor chip.
Embodiments of the invention relate to a semiconductor, a semiconductor module and to a method for manufacturing a semiconductor module. In an embodiment of the invention, an integrated circuit includes a plurality of connection pads on at least one side of the integrated circuit, which connection pads can be coupled electrically conductingly by means of a respective bond wire, wherein in at least an edge area on the side of the integrated circuit, on which the connection pads are arranged, a support frame portion is arranged which is configured such that bond wires adjacent to each other can be supported on the support frame portion at a distance from each other.
A semiconductor device having a chip-on-chip structure is constituted of a first semiconductor chip and even-numbered pairs of second semiconductor chips, all of which are laminated together on the surface of an interposer. The first semiconductor chip controls each pair of the second semiconductor chips so as to activate one second semiconductor chip while inactivating another second semiconductor chip. The second semiconductor chips are paired together in such a way that through-vias and electrodes thereof are positioned opposite to each other via bumps. Since drive voltage electrodes supplied with a drive voltage (VDD) and reference potential electrodes supplied with a reference potential (VSS) are mutually connected together between the paired second semiconductor chips, it is possible to increase the overall electrostatic capacitance of each second semiconductor chip so as to substantially reduce feed noise without increasing the overall layout area of the semiconductor device.
Methods for integrating quartz-based resonators with electronics on a large area wafer through direct pick-and-place and flip-chip bonding or wafer-to-wafer bonding using handle wafers are described. The resulting combination of quartz-based resonators and large area electronics wafer solves the problem of the quartz-electronics substrate diameter mismatch and enables the integration of arrays of quartz devices of different frequencies with the same electronics.
A stack chip package structure and a manufacturing method thereof are disclosed. The method comprises: providing a first substrate; disposing a first chip on the first substrate; disposing a second chip and at least one second substrate on the first chip, wherein the second substrate is electrically connected to the first chip; bonding at least one first connecting wire connected between the second chip and the second substrate; bonding at least one second connecting wire connected between the first substrate and the second substrate; and forming a package body on the first substrate to encapsulate the first chip, the second chip, the second substrate, the first connecting wire and the second connecting wire.
A manufacturing method for a Flip Chip Quad Flat Non-leaded package structure is provided. A lead frame having a plurality of leads is provided at first in the manufacturing method. A dielectric layer is formed on the lead frame and exposes a top surface and a bottom surface of the leads. A redistribution layer including a plurality of pads and a plurality of conductive lines connected the pads and the top surface of the leads is formed on the dielectric layer. A solder resist layer is formed to cover the redistribution layer, the dielectric layer and the leads, and expose the surface of the pads. An adhesive layer is formed on the solder resist layer. A chip having a plurality of bumps is provided. The chip is adhered on the solder resist layer with the adhesive layer and each bump is electrically connected with one of the pads.
The bonding pad structure includes a main bonding pad and a blank path. The blank path crosses through the main bonding pad for dividing the main bonding pad into a first sub-bonding pad and a second sub-bonding pad. The bonding pad structure may further include a solder covered on the blank path and the main bonding pad selectively. The main bonding pad is regarded as a closed circuit when the solder is covered on the blank path and the main bonding pad. The main bonding pad is regarded as a open circuit when the solder is not covered on the blank path and the main bonding pad. A debug method with the bonding pad structure is also disclosed.
The present invention provides a sealing film excellent in filling properties and adhesiveness as a sealing film which comprises a resin layer containing the following (A), (B) and (C) and having a flow within the range of 150 to 1800 μm at 80° C.: (A) a resin component containing (a1) a high-molecular-weight component comprising crosslinking functional groups and having a weight-average molecular weight of 100,000 or more and a Tg within the range of −50 to 50° C. and (a2) a thermoplastic component comprising an epoxy resin as main component, (B) a filler having an average particle size within the range of 1 to 30 μm, and (C) a colorant, as well as a method for manufacturing the same and a semiconductor device using the same. The present invention also provides a sealing film excellent in adhesiveness and shape retention as a sealing film which comprises a resin layer containing the above (A), (B) and (C) and having a resin layer having a viscosity within the range of 10000 to 100000 Pa·s in a B-stage state at 50 to 100° C. in thermosetting viscoelasticity measurement, as well as a semiconductor device using the same.
A method for manufacturing a microlens includes forming a microlens by pressing a microlens mold having a reverse shape of a microlens formed therein on a microlens-forming film formed on a substrate to transfer the reverse shape of the microlens to the microlens-forming film. The microlens mold is formed by irradiating an inorganic resist film which is formed on a mold substrate with exposure light by relative two-dimensional scanning, and etching an exposed region of the inorganic resist film to form the reverse shape of the microlens. The irradiation intensity of the exposure light is adjusted to correspond to the depth of the reverse shape of the microlens from the surface of the inorganic resist film on the basis of profile data of the reverse shape of the microlens.
Disclosed is a method of forming a coated optical element. The method includes providing a mould assembly having opposed mould sections and applying a UV-curable hard coat monomer composition to the casting face of at least one of the mould sections to form a hard coat monomer layer. The hard coat layer is irradiated with UV radiation under conditions to form a partially cured hard coat layer. The assembled mould is filled with a high index optical element precursor material the optical element precursor material and the partially cured hard coat layer are cured to form a high index optical element having a hard coat.
The present invention describes the encapsulation of water insoluble oils by coacervation and the subsequent reduction in oxidative degradation of these oils in microencapsulated forms. Water insoluble oils useful in the process of the invention include food oils such as PUFA, flavor oils, and agriculturally and pharmaceutically active oils.
The present invention provides a method of making a flexible foaming member from recycled material. The first step is recycling wastes including rubber, plastic, fiber, and metal, and then crushing the wastes into pieces. Next, the pieces are separated according to specific weights of each of the pieces into a plurality of groups, and then choose predetermined groups of the pieces in a predetermined ration, and mixing the pieces with a flexible material and a foaming agent to form a mixture. The last step is pressing the mixture into a plate-like foaming material, and vulcanizing the foaming material to form a flexible foaming member. The chosen groups of the pieces and the ratio thereof may make a flexible foaming member with specific property.
A manufacturing method of a structure by an imprint process includes a first imprint step of forming a first resin material layer by applying a first resin material onto a substrate and then transferring an imprint pattern of a mold onto the first resin material layer, a second imprint step of forming a second resin material layer by applying a second resin material onto the first resin material layer formed in the first imprint step and onto an area of the substrate adjacent to the first resin material layer and then transferring the imprint pattern of the mold onto the second resin material layer, and a step of forming a pattern by etching the first and second resin material layers.
A process for forcibly infusing liquid potting compound into the exposed strands of a cable prior to forming a termination. The process uses a mold that encloses the exposed strands. Potting compound is then pumped into the mold, where it runs around and through the exposed strands. A second venting passage is preferably employed, so that the liquid potting compound flows through the mold without trapping any air pockets.
By clamping upper and lower molds, a semiconductor chip and a stacking connection electrode are immersed in a resin material heated and molten in a cavity coated with a mold release film. The mold release film is pressed into contact with a tip portion of the connection electrode by a cavity bottom face member, so that a collective resin portion having a shape corresponding to the shape of the cavity is molded in the cavity. Accordingly, the semiconductor chip and the connection electrode are compression molded with the resin material. Here, a tip portion of the connection electrode is exposed from the collective resin portion.
A method and device for removing the bulk of the casting investment surrounding a pressed ceramic dental appliance.
The manufacture of a hearing instrument having a hard inner shell and a softer outer covering, for insertion into the ear canal of the user, may be accomplished using rapid manufacturing and prototyping techniques. Starting with a digital model of the ear canal, a mold for the softer outer covering may be fabricated using a process such as stereo lithography.
In a method for manufacturing keypad having three-dimensional patterns, curable resin is filled in a mold, and a ultra-violet lamp irradiates the curable resin, thereby curing the resin. A plurality of different materials is overlapped with each other, and a coating layer is coated on the surface of each three-dimensional pattern, thereby manufacturing a key having three-dimensional patterns. Via the above arrangement, the recognition and aesthetic feeling of each three-dimensional pattern can be increased.
A post-combustion lance for directing a gas at least partially therethrough. The post-combustion lance includes a body having a primary tip from which a first part of the gas exits, upper and lower portions, and a post-combustion distributor mounted between the upper and lower portions and upstream from the primary tip. The distributor includes a number of ports through which a second part of the gas exits the lance. The lance also includes an upper inner tube positioned at least partially upstream from the distributor and an internal support assembly for supporting the body. The internal support assembly includes an internal tube positioned inside the body and coaxial with the body.
A fluid filled type cylindrical vibration damping device, wherein a circumferential end of a stopper member is formed as a mating element smaller in diameter than a circumferentially center section of the stopper member, and is juxtaposed against and supported on a bottom face of a mating groove in a communication passage, to form the communication passage along an entire area between diametrically opposed faces of the mating element and an outer tubular member. A cutout portion is formed extending in a circumferential direction from a circumferential end in a widthwise medial section of the mating element, with the communication passage opening into and communicating with a first fluid chamber at a distal end section of the cutout portion, and at two widthwise side sections of the mating element, respectively, thereby defining an orifice passage connecting the first fluid chamber with a second fluid chamber.
A magnetic positioning device is disclosed and claimed wherein two magnetic arms are hingeably connected by an axle connector with locking bolt and nut, and an activation hole with pin inserting through the connection disks having arc-shaped toothed-groove made the selection of frequently used angles straight-forward and easy, when the pre-select angles are built to the “indents” in the toothed-groove, so that the enlarged head on the pin can be used to easily engaging to the selected angle, by pushing toward the spring located inside the hole on the disk. An optional switch is provided on the second end of the magnetic arm for easy control of the magnetic power direction.
Methods and apparatus are provided for making a rotor blade spar from composite material wherein a multi-component mandrel is used to form the composite spar. The mandrel is made using a number of components that are assembled and held in place using a roller assembly. The roller assembly is removed after pre-cure lay up and compaction of the composite material. Once the roller assembly is removed, the remaining mandrel components can be separated from each other and easily removed from the spar. The mandrel components, including the roller assembly, can then be re-assembled and re-used to form additional composite spars.
A sheet folding apparatus including: a conveyance device having a first pair of rollers for nipping and conveying a paper sheet; a folding device disposed downstream of the conveyance device in a paper sheet conveyance direction, the folding device having a second pair of rollers for nipping and conveying the paper sheet, wherein the conveyance device conveys the paper sheet to the folding device by making the paper sheet bent toward the folding device, and the folding device conveys the bent paper sheet to fold the paper sheet; and a folding assist member for pushing the paper sheet so that the paper sheet moves toward the folding device, the folding assist member being pivotally arranged to be capable of rotating downstream of the conveyance device in the conveyance direction.
A sheet processing apparatus including: a stack tray on which a sheet successively delivered from a delivery port is stacked, the stack tray including: a folding route receiving the sheet from the delivery port; a sheet folding device provided in the folding route to fold the sheet; and a sheet stacking surface for stacking the sheet, wherein the sheet processing apparatus is operable in selectively between a first mode in which a sheet from the delivery port is stacked on the sheet stacking surface, and a second mode in which a sheet folded by the sheet folding device is stacked on the same sheet stacking surface as in the first mode.
A document feeder includes a reverse transporting mechanism that forms a substantially U-shaped document transporting pathway for carrying a document from a feeding tray located at a lower side to a discharging tray located at an upper side through a reading position, a pulling device, a separating-transporting device and a openable pathway cover. The pulling device and the separating-transporting device are arranged at substantially the same horizontal level within the height that is occupied by the reverse transporting mechanism. The pathway cover is capable of opening and closing to cover on the pulling device, the separating-transporting device and the reverse transporting mechanism.
A media feeder is provided, which includes: a raisable and lowerable hopper on which multiple media are stacked; an elevator moving the hopper to a raised or lowered position; a pick-up roller picking up an upper media stacked on the hopper by rotating while contacting the uppermost media when the hopper is at the raised position; a friction member disposed on the upper surface of the hopper, at a position facing the pick-up roller; and a projecting member disposed below the hopper. The hopper includes a window hole formed in the vicinity of the friction member. When the hopper is at the lowered position, the projecting member projects from the upper surface of the hoper through the window hole. Thus, when media are placed in the feeder, even the lowermost medium does not come into contact with the friction member, thereby facilitating the placement and positional adjustment of the media.
A method of controlling medium feeding in an image forming apparatus includes an image forming step of forming an image on a medium in response to an image forming request, and a feed control step of selecting one of a plurality of first medium feed units that feeds a medium corresponding to attribute information that matches medium attribute information included in the image forming request, and of selecting a second medium feed unit upon finding matching between attribute information indicative of a medium fed by the second medium feed unit and the medium attribute information included in the image forming request if none of the first medium feed units feeds a medium corresponding to the attribute information that matches the medium attribute information included in the image forming request.
An apparatus for separating overlapping parcels in a vertical position has separating sections arranged along a transport path immediately behind one another, and a drive controller for the separating sections. Drives of those separating sections, in which the most advanced upstream parcel is located are stopped immediately as soon as its front edge is detected in a reception position and a slip-free further transport is securely guaranteed. Number and length of the separating sections are selected in accordance with the range of parcel lengths and the rated transport speed so that a subsequent parcel located at a minimum gap distance is not yet located in the upstream rearmost stopped separating section. The drive of each stopped separating section is started again as soon as the rear edge of the preceding parcel has left this separating section or as soon as the subsequent parcel is located before a free separating section.
A mailpiece selector device for separating mailpieces one-by-one from a stack of mailpieces and for transporting them downstream, said mailpiece selector device comprising a first guide followed by a second guide, both of which guides co-operate with a plurality of opposite selector rollers to select said mailpieces one-by-one and to transport them downstream, said first guide being able to pivot about a first pivot axis in opposition to first resilient return means, and said second guide being able to pivot about a second pivot axis in opposition to second resilient return means, said second pivot axis being offset upstream relative to said first pivot axis, and said first and second guides having drive means for making it possible, above a predetermined mailpiece thickness range, for said second guide to pivot automatically when said first guide pivots.
A vacuum friction feeder including at least one vacuum friction belt provided with a plurality of holes, a pair of rollers, a table top provided with at least one suction port, an exposure table having a substantially horizontal top surface and a separator. The at least one vacuum friction belt is adapted to rotate around the table top while supported by the rollers such that a suction pressure can be drawn through the plurality of holes provided in the at least one vacuum friction belt as the plurality of holes pass over the suction port. The exposure table is operatively associated with the table top and is adapted to be movable relative to the table top in a plane defined by the substantially horizontal top surface to adjust the portion of the bottommost product in the stack of products exposed to the at least one vacuum friction belt.
A mailpiece selector device for separating mailpieces one-by-one from a stack of mailpieces and for transporting them downstream, said mailpiece selector device comprising a first guide co-operating with a plurality of opposite selector rollers to select said mailpieces one-by-one and for transporting them downstream, said first guide being able to pivot about a pivot axis in opposition to first resilient return means and said first guide having a reference plate designed to co-operate with a magnet that is secured to a framework of the device to prevent said first guide from pivoting in this way below a predetermined mailpiece thickness.
An aspect of the invention provides a paper feeding cassette that comprises a cassette body; a front face wall disposed at a front end of the cassette body so as to be elevated from a bottom wall of the cassette body; a medium-stacking member disposed so as to be swingable about a support shaft relative to the cassette body by using the support shaft as a swinging center, the medium-stacking member configured to have a medium thereon stacked inside the cassette body; and a biasing unit configured to bias the medium-stacking member so as to bring the medium into contact with a feeder, wherein the front face wall comprises a face which regulates the medium along a trajectory drawn by a front end of the medium-stacking member in accordance with a swinging movement of the medium-stacking member.
A paper output mechanism includes: a roller pair composed of a first roller and a second roller travelable around the first roller and configured, when the second roller is in a first position, to output a piece of paper to a paper placement part by pinching the piece of paper between the first and second rollers and driving at least one of the first and second rollers into rotation with an actuator; and a roller position changing mechanism for switching the second roller between the first position and a second position located closer to the paper output side than the first position. When the trailing edge of the piece of paper is sent out to the paper placement part, the roller position changing mechanism changes the second roller from the first position to the second position.
A de-skew mechanism includes a driving shaft installed on a frame of an image forming device and driven by a motor, an active roller installed on the driving shaft and driven by the driving shaft, and an idle roller driven by the active roller for driving a medium with the active roller. A nip is formed between the active roller and the idle roller. The de-skew mechanism further includes a correcting member installed on the driving shaft in a rotatable manner and located upstream of the nip for correcting skew of the medium in a correcting position, and a restoring member connected to the correcting member for loading torque to the correcting member so as to drive the connecting member from the correcting position to a releasing position where the medium pass therethrough.
A sheet feeding apparatus includes first and second sheet sensors provided in order from upstream to downstream sides in feeding direction on a paper feed path, sheet conveyor roller sets arranged along the path, and a roller controller individually controlling groups of rollers on the upstream and downstream sides of the first sheet sensor, in response to a change in values of output signals from first and second sheet sensors. The roller controller includes an overlapped feeding determining device outputting a determination signal assuming a first value when overlapped feeding occurs and a second value otherwise, in response to the change in values of the output signals from the sensors, an overlapped feeding eliminating device eliminating overlapped feeding by controlling the roller controller upon receiving the determination signal of the first value, and a conveyor roller stopping device stopping the sheet conveyor rollers if the overlapped feeding eliminating process should fail.
An image forming device includes a conveyor belt, an image forming unit, and a guide unit. The conveyor belt has a conveying surface that mounts and conveys a recording medium. The image forming unit forms an image on the recording medium placed on the conveying surface. The guide unit supports and conveys the recording medium to the conveying surface in a conveying direction. The guide unit includes a first guide plate and a second guide plate The first guide plate is flexible. The first guide plate has a first distal end portion at a downstream side thereof in the conveying direction and is disposed near the conveyor belt. The second guide plate is flexible. The second guide plate has a second distal end portion disposed in direct confrontation with the first distal end portion to nip the recording medium in cooperation with the first distal end portion.
A feeding device includes a mounting portion which mounts media thereon, a feeding roller which feeds the mounted media, an edge-guide which moves in a widthwise direction of the mounted media which traverses to a feeding direction of the mounted media and aligns both sides of the mounted media, and a curve-imparting portion which imparts a curve to the mounted medium in a direction which intersects a moving direction of the edge-guide.
A recording apparatus including a printing unit that contacts or separates a thermal head with or from a platen using the driving force of a UD motor, one or more sheet feed units that include sheet feed rollers which are rotated forward or backward by the driving force of an LF motor transmitted through a transport gear group and pressure rollers which are supported between a pair of roller supporting members and are urged by elastic members to come into pressure contact with the sheet feed rollers, and are provided on an upstream side and a downstream side of the printing unit in a transport path of a recording sheet, a pressure release mechanism including a cam shaft that is rotatably provided so as to tilt the pair of roller supporting members of the sheet feed units against the urging force of the elastic members and separates the pressure rollers from the sheet feed rollers, and a pressure release gear group that transmits the driving force of the LF motor to the cam shaft of the pressure release mechanism, the driving force of the LF motor being transmitted to the pressure release gear group and the transport gear group.
The paper-feeding mechanism includes a duplex drive roller disposed on a terminal end of a feeding path of an image-forming device for feeding paper and on a side of an output tray, a first idle roller for conveying the paper back to the output tray with the duplex drive roller after a single side of the paper is printed, a second idle roller for conveying the paper back to the output tray with the duplex drive roller after double sides of the paper are printed, and a stop means installed between the terminal end of the feeding path and the output tray for switching to a shut position to stop the paper when the paper is driven back to the feeding path and for switching to an open position when the paper is driven to the output tray after the double sides of the paper are printed.
There is provided a sheet discharging apparatus and an image forming apparatus, in which even a curled sheet can properly be discharged to and stacked on a sheet stacking portion.
A projection is provided in a central portion in a width direction of a tailing end regulating portion while projected toward an upstream side in a sheet discharge direction. The tailing end regulating portion regulates a tailing end position of the sheet stacked on the sheet stacking portion. The tailing end position of the sheet discharged to the sheet stacking portion is supported by the projection, and the both end portions in the width direction of the sheet are pushed down below an upper surface of the projection by pressing portions at both ends of a full load detecting flag, thereby bending the sheet.
Certain embodiments of the present invention relate to gaming machines having mechanical reels. The machine is adapted so that the reels to some extent protrude from the front face of the machine to enhance the user's awareness that the reels are genuine and, optionally, the reels may have side walls having matching indicia to the symbols on the periphery of the reels. The reels may also be observed from front and rear sides of the machine or alternatively, rotated about an upright axis to enable a player to observe front and rear outcomes from one point.
Playing card handling devices, such as shufflers, dealing shoes, discard racks and verification systems are rotatably secured to a gaming table to allow for functional and ergonomic adjustment of the card handling device, without removal from the gaming table. One end of the device, preferably a front end of the device from which playing cards may be removed has a structure that extends through an aperture in the gaming table. The device is movable within the aperture. Movement in the X-Y direction, angular movement and rotational movement, parallel to the movement of the plane of the surface of the gaming table is enabled. The movement of the device about the aperture preferably maintains the base of the device relatively parallel to the plane of the surface of the gaming table.
The object of the game of this invention is to place a series of numbers in a correct sequence. This is done on a grid by combining the number of a starting position with one of the series and creating a route leg to an intermediate position. A second number of the series is combined with the first selected number to create a second route leg to a second intermediate position. This is repeated until the series of numbers is exhausted. If the route legs end at a predetermined end position, a correct sequence of the number series has been achieved.
A design game of creative investigation and fun. The invention includes corresponding game parts and means of using via manner of play to create designs using game pieces. Game parts include a plurality of game pieces, at least one indicator, and at least one container. Plurality of game pieces includes at least one game piece having a free-form shape. Game pieces are primarily usable independent of a substantially conforming backing board and interfitting elements. Players position game pieces on a playing area to create designs. Designs are primarily inspired by themes. Players can build on their ideas quickly with relatively little time to review and “fix” their designs. Players can share their designs with each other before creating a new design. An emission can accompany a design. Indicia can be used for themes, turn, timing, number of game parts, playing area, procedure, emission, and scoring. Game parts can be customized and supplemented. Game apparatus and method offers versatile manner of play for diversified and specific ages, abilities, and approaches. Game is preferably for ages five to ninety-nine.
Methods, devices, systems and computer readable media are described, comprising determining an intermediate player hand in a card game; offering to the player an option to receive a conditional hit card in exchange for resolving the hand according to a second pay table; if the player accepts the offer, dealing a conditional hit card face down to the player; determining a final dealer hand; and if the final dealer hand beats the intermediate player hand, turning the conditional hit card face up and adding the card to the intermediate player hand, thereby determining a final player hand; awarding a payout to the player according to the reduced pay table if the final player hand beats the final dealer hand.
The present invention relates to a five-element game card and a method of playing an oriental chain-ring game card. The five-element game card comprises ten cards per suit of wood, fire, earth, metal and water as a deck of base cards, wherein each of the base cards has five-element display areas at an upper and a lower portions, for displaying a color specifying one of the wood, fire, earth, metal and water, and acquirement display areas for arranging at least one of colors representing the five-element display areas at one side of the five-element display areas to display another base card that can be acquired using the base card. According to the present invention described above, people may understand the principle of Oriental five elements to some extents through simple rules of the game and enjoy card games of a new type. Furthermore, eldery people can be prevented from getting senile dementia.
A roping practice apparatus includes a base and at least one wheel rotatably mounted to the base about a horizontal wheel axis oriented transverse to the base and below the top surface of the base, the wheel defiling at least one slot extending from a rim of the wheel toward the wheel axis. The rim of the wheel extends above the top surface of the base. An upper portion defines a wheel well on a bottom surface thereof, and is configured such that the wheel extends upward into the wheel well. The upper portion is supported above the base such that a gap is formed between the upper portion and the base. The wheel is configured such that a selected object drawn through the gap enters the at least one slot on the wheel and causes the wheel to rotate. A retainer mechanism is operative to prevent the upper portion from moving upward away from the base.
A dynamic shaft seal assembly has inner and outer cases that are clamped together to secure a seal element therebetween for dynamic sealing about a rotatable shaft. The inner case is formed with integral pull tabs that are engageable by a seal removal tool to facilitate the removal of the seal assembly from a bore in which the seal assembly is installed.
An apparatus is disclosed in one embodiment of the invention as including an annular seal (e.g., an o-ring) and a backup ring to provide support to the annular seal. A gland is provided to accommodate the backup ring and the annular seal. The gland has a contact surface which is adapted to contact a corresponding contact surface of the backup ring upon inserting the backup ring into the gland. The diameters of the contact surfaces of the backup ring and gland are sized such that the contact surface of the backup ring radially interferes with the contact surface of the gland, thereby urging the backup ring out of the gland. A retention mechanism, such as interlocking grooves, protrusions, ridges, notches, slots, or the like may be provided in the backup ring and gland respectively to prevent the backup ring from completely exiting the gland.
A cylinder head gasket includes a first gasket base plate at a cylinder head side, a second gasket base plate at a cylinder block side, a shim that adjusts the gasket thickness, and a pressure increasing plate that increases the surface pressure at the side of periphery portions of the cylinders. In the first and second gasket base plates full beads are swollen at the side of periphery portions of cylinders, and half beads are swollen at a site outward of the full beads. The full beads of the first and second gasket base plates are formed so that top portions of the full beads face each other at positions that are opposite to each other in the up-down direction. The shim and the pressure increasing plate are sandwiched between the top portions.
A cart system and method are provided, the cart capable of being converted to a table using only components of the cart, the cart including a base, four sides coupled to the base, and at least two wheels coupled to the base. In use, the cart is capable of being converted into a table and at least one seat, utilizing only components of the cart. Additionally, at least one of the wheels is utilized, at least in part, for the at least one seat.
A box container for transporting charts, graphs, and posters suitable for display in a classroom or small group environment which is adapted with a set of wheels to facilitate movement in either the direction parallel to its width or its breadth. The container may also be, in its interior, adapted with compartments to organize the display and to transport accessories, such as markers, lights, pointers, or notes.
An apparatus for aligning a spring and axle may include an adjusting bar member for connecting to the spring, a spring pad member for connecting to the axle and a biasing member for biasing the adjusting bar member in a first and second direction. The biasing member may include a threaded bolt, and the biasing member may include a bracket. The biasing member may include a reduced diameter member, and the bracket may include a first arm and a second arm. The adjusting bar member may be substantially L-shaped, and the adjusting bar member may include a first guiding member and a second guiding member. The adjusting bar member may include a slot between the first and second guiding members, and the spring pad member may include a concave curved surface to cooperate with the axle housing.
The present invention provides an improved collapsible step assembly for recreational vehicles. The movable step apparatus comprises a mounting frame, at least one step mounted to the frame through a linkage assembly, and a pivot rod with a longitudinal axis of rotation. In use, the pivot rod is rotatably mounted to the frame and rotates the linkage assembly and the at least one step between an extended position and a retracted position. Rotating the pivot rod in a first direction moves the step to the extended position, and rotating the pivot rod in the opposite direction moves the step to the retracted position. The linkage assembly includes a link which is movable in the direction of the link toward extension of the step to contact a stop of the frame that reacts against a gravitational load acting on the step.
An outer tube for a front fork having an FRP pipe body which is subjected to braiding processing using a braider, wherein the FRP pipe comprises a combination of braids interlacing with each other at interlacing angle ±θ° with respect to a pipe center axis, a value of an interlacing angle ±θ° of the braids during the braiding processing period is varied, and bending rigidity in a longitudinal direction of the FRP pipe is varied in along longitudinal extent.
An outer tube for a front fork having an FRP pipe body which is subjected to braiding processing using a braider, wherein the FRP pipe comprises a combination of braids interlacing with each other at an interlacing angle ±θ° with respect to a center axis of the pipe and warp fibers having an angle 0° with respect to the pipe center axis, rigidity of the plurality of warp fibers disposed at positions in a circumferential direction of the pipe is varied depending upon the positions in the circumferential direction of the pipe, and bending rigidity of the FRP pipe in the longitudinal direction is varied in the circumferential direction of the pipe.
A hitch ball mount assembly includes a biometrically-actuated locking mechanism. The biometrically-actuated locking mechanism cooperates with a mechanical engagement mechanism to lock or unlock the hitch ball mount assembly to an associated vehicle mount in response to detection of an authorized user.
A ski including a structural unit, gliding structure, as well as a decorative and protective structure. The structural unit includes at least one lower reinforcement, at least one upper reinforcement, and an Intermediate structure, or core, positioned between the upper reinforcement and the lower reinforcement. The ski has a longitudinally extending cambered shape such that, when the gliding structure is positioned on a flat surface, the ski rests on a shovel contact point and a tail contact point. The ski further Includes a traction structure that exerts a traction force between a first anchoring, positioned longitudinally beyond the shovel contact zone, and a second anchoring, positioned on rearward of the shovel contact zone. The traction structure is positioned for most of its length beneath the decorative and protective structure, such traction structure being positioned for most of Its length above the neutral axis of the ski, such as above the upper reinforcement. The traction structure further includes a traction member that makes it possible to position the second anchoring in at least two positions separated longitudinally from one another by a distance between 0.5 mm and 10.0 mm, or between 1.0 mm and 7.0 mm. The traction structure includes a metal blade. The decorative and protective structure can include a window through which the blade can project. A filler can be positioned between the decorative and protective structure and the upper reinforcement, and a tunnel is arranged in the filler in order to receive the blade.
An airbag folding arrangement for an airbag that includes a housing, an inflation device, and an airbag deployable between a un-deployed and deployed state. The airbag includes a top panel, a bottom panel, a pair of side panels connecting the top panel and the bottom panels, and a crown panel that includes a central portion surrounded by a plurality of outer portions that connect the top panel, the bottom panel, and the pair of side panels. The top panel, bottom panel, and the side panels are radially folded in a direction toward the central portion of the crown panel and the outer portions of the crown panel are rolled in a direction toward the housing and toward the central portion when the airbag is in the un-deployed state such that the central portion is in direct communication with the inflation device.
An inflator securing structure for securing an inflator having substantially cylindrical shape to a retainer in an airbag system includes a fixed shaft having a substantially D-shaped cross section and formed at one end of the inflator along an axial direction of the inflator; and a locking structure forming a locking hole having a substantially D shape and formed in the retainer so that the locking hole is engaged with the fixed shaft. One of the fixed shaft and the locking hole has at least one groove, and other of the fixed shaft and the locking hole has at least one convex portion so as to engage with the groove.
An airbag apparatus includes an airbag with a first hole and a second hole; a tube vent disposed outside the airbag, wherein a proximal end portion of the tube vent is connected to a portion of the airbag, which is located around the first hole, so that communication is provided between an inside of the tube vent and an inside of the airbag through the first hole, and a distal end portion of the tube vent is inserted from an outside of the airbag into the inside of the airbag through the second hole; and a holding portion that holds the distal end portion of the tube vent from the inside of the airbag, wherein when the airbag is inflated and deployed, and the holding portion releases the tube vent, the distal end portion of the tube vent moves out of the second hole.
An inflator assembly is disclosed for use in an automobile. The inflator assembly features a slide-on housing around an inflator.
An example airbag arrangement includes an airbag that moves between an expansion-constrained position and an expanded position. A tether adjacent an exterior surface of the airbag moves with the airbag between a shorter position and a longer position. The tether remains intact in the shorter position and the longer position. When the tether is in the shorter position, the tether holds the airbag in the expansion-constrained position.
An example airbag arrangement includes an example airbag moveable between an expansion-constrained position and an expanded position. The airbag includes a contact face. A tether has a first end connected to the contact face and a second end anchoring the tether. The tether holds the contact face of the airbag in a substantially vertical position.
An example airbag arrangement includes an airbag moveable between an expansion-constrained position and an expanded position. The airbag includes a contact face. A tether having a first tether end connected adjacent an upper portion of the contact face and a second tether end anchoring the tether. The tether holds the contact face in a substantially vertical position.
An airbag device includes an airbag, an adjusting unit capable of adjusting an aperture efficiency of at least one vent hole, a tether belt whose one end is connected to the adjusting unit, and a holding unit for hooking another end of the tether belt. In case where the inflating airbag needs to exert a small reactive force, the adjusting unit is made in a full-opened state at a development early stage with the other end being held by the holding unit and then made in a half-opened until a development final stage with the other end being kept held by the holding unit. In case where the inflating airbag needs to exert a large reactive force, the adjusting unit is made in a full-closed state from a development start to the development final stage with the other end being released from the holding unit.
A handguard configured to be attached to a handlebar of a vehicle is disclosed herein. In one embodiment of the application, the handguard includes an arm portion, a shield portion, and a support member. The support member has a shape that corresponds to at least a section of the arm portion and is removably attached to the arm portion. In one embodiment, the arm portion and the shield portion may be part of a unitary member constructed of plastic.
An accessory mounting system for vehicles or the like including one or more mounting rails, one or more mounting clamps, one optional sliding rail per clamp, and one optional hinged latching mechanism per clamp. The mounting rail is trapezoidal in profile, and may include one or more pieces, and is permanently mounted to the vehicle frame, body, or other component and oriented with the wider of the two parallel faces facing outward from the vehicle's mounting surface. The mounting clamp assembly utilizes two opposed V-shaped jaws of an equal or slightly more acute angle than that represented by the angle between the wider of the two parallel faces of the mounting rail and one of its two adjoining non-parallel faces such that when the mounting clamp assembly is engaged on the mounting rail, an interference fit occurs causing the mounting rail to nest between the two opposing jaws of the mounting clamp assembly, creating maximum surface area contact between the mounting clamp and the mounting rail in order to generate a very high coefficient of friction.
Vehicular air bag safety system comprising the combination of (a) a compressed air bag for passenger collision impact management; (b) a passenger safety harness worn by a vehicle occupant and (c) a layer of pressure deformable energy absorbing minimally resilient force insulation disposed between the occupant and the air bag.
A fuel tank assembly for vehicles comprising a fuel tank shell having reduced wall thickness, accordingly resulting in a reduced total mass of the tank assembly. The fuel tank shell comprises two half shells connected to one another and having at least one support member attached thereto for providing structural support to the fuel tank shell. In particular, the support member may be positioned internally or externally to the fuel tank with such a positioning being selected so as to offer support in at least one area where the stress level exerted on the fuel tank shell is maximum.
A method for economically producing a periodical publication includes common content printed using a first plate set in all the issues of an edition for a series and certain variable content unique to a specific issue of the series is printed using a second plate. A fourth color may be printed using the second plate to both complete the four color process for the common content and to print the single color for the variable content.
In another aspect, called two-way sharing, the first plate set may also be used to print the common content for a plurality of series of the same basic periodical edition.
Steps are included for binding special features such as trading cards, fold out posters, etc. into the periodical. The special features may also contain specific content unique to a particular issue.
A foldable media holder for blocking wind includes a foldable frame and a flexible sheeted material. The foldable frame has an erect configuration and a folded configuration and the flexible sheeted material is attached to the foldable frame. The foldable frame includes first, second, third, fourth, and central elongated support members, each having first and second ends. The first and second elongated support members have first and second pivots, respectively. The first end of the central elongated support member is operatively connected to first end of the first elongated support member and the second end of the central elongated support member is operatively connected to the first end of the second elongated support member. When the foldable frame is in the erect configuration the central elongated support member is positioned substantially parallel to the third and fourth elongated support members and is about centrally positioned therebetween.
A tube fitting assembly is provided for a gas burner. The assembly includes a pre-deformed tube connector having first and second ends. At least one of the ends is provided an annular sealing bead formed by compressing and cold working at least two intermediate annular beads together. A first coupling member is provided defining a cavity and having a shaped seating surface adapted to sealingly engage a cooperating surface of the annular sealing bead. A second coupling member is provided rotatably and slidably disposed on the pre-deformed tube connector and is adapted to mate with the first coupling member.
A band clamp that connects overlapping pipe ends includes a band, a tightening mechanism, and a gasket. The band has a radially protruding rib, a first lateral section that extends from a side of the rib, and a second lateral section that extends from another side of the rib. The tightening mechanism connects to the band and is operable to tighten the band, and the gasket is received in the rib. In one example, an axial width of the lateral sections are within a range relative to an axial width of the rib, and in another example, the lateral sections are angled inwardly with relative to an axis of the band.
A wind energy converter has a generator adapted to be coupled directly to a wind turbine without need for a mechanical gear unit. A rectifier is coupled to the generator and a converter is coupled to the rectifier to provide a regulated DC bus voltage as a function of a controlled duty cycle. An inverter is coupled to the converter for providing a regulated AC output to a load.
Wind-driven electrical generators will slow and lose kinetic energy when the wind slows or stops. When the wind slows or stops, kinetic energy in the rotating turbine and other rotating components that would otherwise be lost, is conserved by supplying a supplemental mechanical energy to the rotating components using a battery-powered motor. The electrical power for the drive motor is obtained from solar-charged batteries. In an alternate embodiment, solar cells provide all of the energy for the drive motor.
The invention relates to a method and apparatus for gradually converting marine wave energy into electricity. The energy reserve provided by wind power holds enough energy for the needs of the entire mankind. The invention provides an efficient means of putting this energy reserve to practical use. Mounted on a rotating power shaft is a pair of form parts, the convex and concave shape, especially the round-pointed open V-shape of which reverses its orientation by 180 degrees, i.e. turns from convex to concave, whenever the power shaft makes a rotation of 180 degrees. The circular motion of water occurring in a wave drives such a turbine effectively while the wave dies out. The pair of convex and concave form parts extends helically around the power shaft, whereby water currents in all directions, which come to contact with the pair of form parts, produce a rotative moment.
A continuously variable transmission is disclosed for use in rotationally or linearly powered machines and vehicles. The transmission provides a simple manual shifting method for the user. Further, the practical commercialization of traction roller transmissions requires improvements in the reliability, ease of shifting, function and simplicity of the transmission. The present invention includes a continuously variable transmission that may be employed in connection with any type of machine that is in need of a transmission. For example, the transmission may be used in (i) a motorized vehicle such as an automobile, motorcycle, or watercraft, (ii) a non-motorized vehicle such as a bicycle, tricycle, scooter, exercise equipment or (iii) industrial equipment, such as a drill press, power generating equipment, or textile mill.
A security lock having a housing and a cam. The housing includes an indent with a pair of guide portions. The cam is positioned within the indent and includes an axle port. A shaft of an axle is adapted to be inserted into the axle port so that the cam and the axle are rotatable together. The cam includes a sweep arm and a channel disposed on an upper surface of the sweep arm. The sweep arm has an outer wall that is either elongate-shaped or semicircular-shaped. The channel has a semi-circular-shaped inner wall and an elongate-shaped outer wall. Upon rotation of the axle, the cam rotates about the guide portions into a locked posture in the housing. The elongate-shaped outer wall of the channel allows the security lock to be self-locating when the housing and a keeper are misaligned when installed, respectively, on opposing window sashes.
A latch is provided for a mortise lock of the type comprising a housing for accommodating the lock components. The latch comprises a first and second portions movably mounted in the housing and a securing element for releasably connecting the first and second portions in either a first relative axial position or a second relative axial position where the first and second portions of the latch are rotatable relative to one another. In the first axially connected position of the latch, the first and second portions of the latch are movable together relative to the housing so that the first portion at least partially non-rotatably projects outwardly from the opening in the housing in an extended position of the latch, and the first portion is inside the housing in a retracted position of the latch. In the second axially connected position of the latch, the first portion of the latch extends further outwardly from the opening in the housing so that the first portion is rotatable relative to the housing and the first portion may be rotated to a selected position and returned to the first axially connected position of the first and second portions of the latch.
A hand tongs apparatus quick release device. A trigger device is additionally disposed at a middle section of an upper handle. A long through slot is formed at a front end of the trigger device. An upper-jaw joining pin is joined with a hole formed at a rear end of an upper jaw. A trigger pin and a head screw respectively serve as revolution fulcrums when the trigger device and the upper jaw are mounted on the upper handle. The trigger device is triggered to make the upper jaw generate a revolution restoring operation according to connection and operation relationships between the trigger device and the upper jaw so that clipping portions of a hand tongs apparatus are quickly released.
This invention provides a post hole digger having a first, traverse pivot point, located on the medial portions of two handle members, and a second, blade assembly pivot point located at the medial point of the blade assemblies. Because the first pivot point is a traverse pivot point, the handle members are only required to travel through a limited range of motion. Additionally, the second, blade assembly pivot point is preferably an offset pivot point. Thus, because the second, blade assembly pivot point is disposed at a medial point of the blade assemblies, the motion of the handle members, which are coupled to the upper ends of the blade assemblies, is reversed relative to the lower ends of the blade members.
An adjustable lifting strap is provided that fits or fastens securely around the circumference of a large container for ease of lifting, carrying, maneuvering and pouring the container. The lifting strap has a strap that fits around the container and is adjustable in length by a fastener which is attached to the two ends of the lifting strap. The fastener has a locking and release mechanism so the lifting strap does not have to be permanently attached to the container and can be removed. A handle is attached to the strap and can include different types of grips.
The present disclosure is directed to an adjustable lift assembly for a flatbed vehicle such as a pickup truck. The adjustable lift assembly includes an extendible vertical member located at each corner of a vehicle flatbed. A frame is attached to an upper portion of each extendible vertical member. The frame rises and lowers with extension and retraction of the extendible vertical support members. Each extendible vertical member is placed through a respective support collar. The support collars support and maintain the extendible vertical members parallel to each other when the vehicle moves. The present adjustable lift assembly is lightweight and provides stable elevated support for a flatbed vehicle with little or no impediment to the storage area of the vehicle flatbed.
A vehicle cargo sidewall structure includes a vertical inboard wall panel, a vertical outboard wall panel, door panel and a storage bin. The inboard wall panel includes an access opening. The outboard wall panel extends along side the inboard wall panel to define a side wall structure with a concealed storage space located between the inboard and outboard wall panels. The storage space is accessible via the access opening. The door panel moves between a closed position overlaying the access opening concealing the storage space and an opened position exposing the storage space. The storage bin is coupled to the door panel for movement therewith such that with the door panel in the closed position the storage bin is disposed within the storage space and with the door panel in the opened position the storage bin at least partially extends out of the storage space.
The instant invention is a truck bed accessory for accommodating weights and stored articles. At least one panel is adapted to be situated between the wheel wells of the truck and over the rear axle of the truck. A receptacle is defined within the interior of the main panel over the rear axle. A weight holder for disposition in the receptacle comprises a plurality of weight receiver bins adapted to secure weights therein so that the weight over the rear axle can be varied to increase traction. When the weight holder is not in use, the accessory can store other articles for covered transport.
A tailgate lift assistor that provides for a reduced force required to rotate or pivot a tailgate of a pickup truck or the like upwardly from a generally horizontal open position to a generally vertical closed position and in one embodiment the lift assistor is combined with a dampening mechanism that dampens the opening of the tailgate.
A suspension system for a seat assembly of a machine includes an upper support member and a lower support member. A plurality of vertically aligned guide pins interconnect the upper and lower support members, and are telescopically movable to adjust a distance between the upper and lower support members. A plurality of suspension devices are operatively connected to the upper and lower support members for biasing the upper support member away from the lower support member.
A power riser assembly riser assembly includes a rear leg pivotally coupled between a seat assembly and a vehicle floor defining upper and lower axes. A drive linkage is operatively coupled between the seat assembly and floor. A drive mechanism coupled to the drive linkage actuates in a first direction causing the drive linkage to pivot the seat assembly about the lower axis from a seating position to an intermediate position whereat the drive linkage transfers pivotal movement of the seat assembly to the upper axis, thereby moving the seat assembly to the stowed position. The drive mechanism actuates in a second direction causing the drive linkage to pivot the seat assembly about the upper axis from the stowed position to the intermediate position whereat the drive linkage transfers pivotal movement of the seat assembly to the lower axis, thereby moving the seat assembly to the seating position.
An apparatus for enabling a driver to block sun's glare entering virtually any area of a vehicle. The apparatus comprises a first member having a first predetermined size and a first predetermined shape for engagement with a predetermined interior surface adjacent one of a windshield and a side window of such vehicle for blocking a sun's rays. There is at least one second member having a second predetermined size and a second predetermined shape for engagement with one of the first member. A hook and loop fastening system is engageable with the first member and the at least one second member and such predetermined interior surface adjacent such windshield and such side window of such vehicle for securing the first member and the at least one second member to such interior surface of such vehicle.
A vehicle refueling assembly includes a housing through which an inlet pipe is accessed and a door assembly that can be opened and closed relative to the housing. The door assembly includes a hinge and a decorative panel. The hinge includes a seal received in a ledge of the housing when the door assembly is closed.
A vehicle including a window fastened to a body wall and a method of assembling the vehicle. The window is lined with a safety film adhering to an inner face of the window. A border at the periphery of the window is free of film such that a peripheral limit of the film is situated at a distance from the edge of the window, the distance separating the edge of the window and the limit of the film being alternately variable such that first peripheral portions of the film are in contact with a strip of adhesive, which fastens the window to a vehicle body wall, and second peripheral portions of the film are free with respect to the strip of adhesive.
A sliding door system for a motor vehicle, including a door that is configured to be disposed within a door opening that is formed in the vehicle body, a trim panel connected to the door, and an opening formed through the trim panel. A hinge arm extends through the opening in the trim panel and has a first end connected to the vehicle body and a second end slidably connected to the door for movement of the door between a closed position and an open position. A closure panel is moveable between a deployed position, wherein the closure panel obstructs at least a portion of the opening in the trim panel, and a stowed position, wherein the closure panel does not obstruct the opening in the trim panel.
A windshield device for a motorcycle includes a front cowl located at a front side of the vehicle body to cover a vehicle body; a windscreen disposed at an upper part of the front cowl so as to be vertically movable; an air introducing port for introduction of air from the front side being formed between a lower end of the windscreen and a front surface of the front cowl; and an air guide for guiding the air introduced through the air introducing port to flow rearwards along a rear surface of the windscreen, wherein the air guide is firmly attached to the rear surface of the windscreen.
A resilient skirt assembly is provided, the assembly comprising a skirt panel adapted to connect to a trailer to direct at least a portion of the amount of air on the side of the trailer; and a skirt support adapted to connect the skirt to a trailer, the skirt support having a resilient strut providing lateral support to the skirt panel, the resilient strut allowing substantial lateral pivotal movement of the skirt panel between a skirt panel unloaded position and a skirt panel loaded position. A method of assembling a skirt assembly and a skirt kit are also provided.
A skylight is provided for mounting to a wall of a vehicle to allow passage of light through the wall. The skylight may include a frame having a window that is configured to allow passage of light through at least a portion of the frame, and the frame may define an inner periphery about the window. A wall member may extend away from the frame adjacent to and about the inner periphery of the frame. A plurality of spaced apart gripping arms may extend away from one of the wall member and the frame adjacent to the inner periphery of the frame with the plurality of gripping arms extending beyond the wall member. Each of the plurality of gripping arms may be configured to engage the wall of the vehicle.
A motor vehicle, preferably a two door sports car, is provided with a side wall section, in particular comprising a fender, which forms at least partially the outer wall of a wheel housing. A sill panel which covers a lateral sill of the motor vehicle in the connected state to the side wall section forms an outer wall of an air guiding channel.
A retainer assembly for connecting a headliner panel to a support structure. A retainer clip is configured to connect the support structure to the headliner panel. A slot is defined in the support structure and configured to receive s stem portion of the retainer clip. The slot and the stem portion cooperate to define a float length and a float width, which define a range of motion over which the headliner panel is longitudinally and transversely moveable with respect to the support structure.
A folding chair includes two side boards, a foldable paper beehive structure, and a positioning device. The foldable paper beehive structure includes a plurality of paper boards interconnected with one another. The paper beehive structure includes two sides to which the side boards are mounted to form a chair body. A plurality of polygonal holes are formed between two paper boards adjacent to each other. The polygonal holes extend perpendicularly to a ground on which the paper beehive structure is placed. The positioning device is made of rigid material and coupled with the side boards when the paper beehive structure is in an extended state to fix a width of the chair body.
An electric auxiliary heating unit reliably avoids temperature overshoots of the heated air. To this end, the temperature of the air flowing into the heating is determined and converted into a heating power for controlling the heating elements. This is preferably done via a stored characteristic field via which a plurality of vehicle parameters, such as the vehicle speed, the opening condition of the convertible top, etc., can be taken into account. Also the temperature of the incoming air can be derived from temperature values which are already available in the vehicle. A user-friendly electric heating can be realized very easily in this way. Temperature fluctuations in the heated air can be avoided reliably and easily even in the case of dynamically varying operating conditions of the motor vehicle.
A saddle assembly and a venting device thereof are provided. The venting device comprises a body and an air-passage structure, wherein the body has an upper surface and a peripheral portion, while the air-passage structure is at least partially formed on the upper surface and connects at least one portion of the peripheral portion. The venting device is preferably made of a shock-absorbing material, so that the venting device and the saddle assembly are heat dissipative and shock-absorbing.
A child chair includes a seat, a frame, a reclining adjusting device, a locking device, and a bouncing device. The seat pivoted with the frame. The reclining adjusting device mounted on the seat capable of moving between a locking status and a release status, the seat movable relative to the frame when the reclining adjusting device is in the release status. The locking device mounted on the seat for retaining the reclining adjusting device in the release status. The bouncing device mounted between the seat and the frame for bouncing the seat along a direction relative to the frame when the reclining adjusting device is retained in the release status by the locking device.
A glider with massage devices includes a chair guiding mechanism, a chair frame, a back cushion, a seat cushion and a plurality of vibration generators. The chair guiding mechanism has a fixing portion and a gliding portion glidably mounted on the fixing portion. The chair frame is fixed on the gliding portion. The back cushion and the seat cushion are detachably mounted on the chair frame and the vibration generators are embedded in the back cushion and the seat cushion. When users sit in the glider with massage devices, they can rock themselves back and forth to relax via the chair gliding mechanism, and further, the vibration generators mounted in the back cushion and the seat cushion of the glider can provide a massage effect so that the users can have massages while sitting in the glider.
A glider with a music player includes a gliding mechanism, a chair frame, a back cushion, a seat cushion, a plurality of speakers and a music controller. The gliding mechanism has a fixing portion and a gliding portion glidably mounted on the fixing portion. The chair frame is fixed on the top surface of the gliding portion. The back cushion and the seat cushion are detachably mounted on the chair frame. The speakers are placed in the back cushion. The music controller is electrically connected with the speakers. When users sit in the glider with a music player, they can rock themselves back and forth to relax via the gliding mechanism. Further, users can enjoy music via the speakers and the music controller while sitting in the glider to relax themselves.
The present invention relates to a portable and compact child safety chair cover. The child safety chair cover comprises a chair cover portion having a pocket configured to be positioned over the back of a chair. The child safety chair cover further comprises a harness portion to secure a child within, wherein the chair cover portion and harness portion are formed as one piece. Additionally, the child safety chair cover comprises tie straps attached with the chair cover portion and the harness portion. The tie straps attached to the chair cover portion secure the chair cover portion to the back of the chair, while the tie straps attached with the harness are used to secure the child inside the harness to the chair. The present invention is compact enough to be folded to fit into most diaper bags. Finally, the present invention is comprised of a machine-washable material.
A seat cushion includes a cushioned bottom portion and a back portion. The back portion is flexibly connected to the bottom portion. An attachment mechanism is provided to attach the bottom portion to a bleacher. A constraint element restrains the back portion for rotating beyond a desired angle with respect to the cushioned bottom portion. The back portion does not include any rigid cross members.
An office chair is provided with includes a chair arm assembly on each opposite side thereof for supporting the arms of a user. The arm assemblies each include a latching assembly to permit adjustment of the height of an arm cap thereof while maintaining the arm cap at a selected elevation. The latch assembly is engageable with an inner liner provided within a support post. Further, the armrest assembly has a plurality of interconnected and relatively movable plates which permit adjustment of the angular orientation of the arm cap along with adjustment of the arm cap in the front-to-back direction and the side-to-side direction.
A method and apparatus for actuating a folding vehicle seat. The apparatus includes a handle remotely and functionally connected to the vehicle seat for moving the seatback from a folded position to an upright or design position. The handle is pivotally mounted on a support bracket and attached to an actuator member interconnecting the handle and the seatback. The actuator member transfers the motion of the handle to a generally “L-shaped” arm which is pivotally mounted to the vehicle seat below the seatback. The L-shaped arm rotates toward the back of the seat as the handle is lifted. As the L-shaped arm moves, it catches a stop or extension member located on the seatback and moves the seatback toward the upright position.
One aspect of the present invention can include a headrest attached to a seat-back, a skin member covering the seat-back, a cable extending in the seat-back, a wire member extending between sides of a frame, a strip member attached to the wire member, so that when the cable is pulled and the headrest is moved to a seat front side by being pulling the cable, the cable is moved to extend through a guiding recess portion formed in a portion of the wire member and a portion of the skin member is pulled into the seat-back as the part of the skin member is extended by the strip member over the guiding recess portion.
A self-inflatable footrest for use in a vehicle or a plane that comprises an elongated body having a floor-rest surface and a foot-supporting surface which is inclined with respect to the floor-rest surface. The footrest consists of an air-proof inner casing filled with plastic foam and provided with a valve for sealing the interior of the inner casing or for opening connection thereof to the atmosphere so that when the valve is opened, the plastic foam can be compressed for displacing air from the cells of the plastic foam with subsequent closing of the valve, whereby the footrest becomes several times smaller in value for convenience of storage and transportation.
A modular seat frame for a school bus seat based on a minimized number of components and allowing for different orders of assembly.
A hub unit is equipped with an inner member having an inner ring raceway formed on its outer peripheral face, an outer member having an outer ring raceway formed on its inner peripheral face, and a plurality of rolling elements provided between the inner ring raceway and the outer ring raceway. At least one of the inner ring raceway and the outer ring raceway has a rolling contact zone on which an induction-hardened layer is formed. The hardened layer has a depth of about 1.5 to 1.9 mm at a distance of 1 mm inward from each end of the hardened layer.
A brake system for a vehicle includes brake cylinders operated by pressurized fluid for actuation of brakes by means of pressurized fluid on at least one first axle of the vehicle. The brakes on at least one other, second, axle can be actuated exclusively electromechanically in response to an electrical braking request signal. The pressure of the pressurized fluid can be modulated indirectly or directly and the electrical braking request signal can be generated indirectly or directly in response to actuation of a brake pedal of a brake pedal device. A service brake function is provided by means of hybrid use of the brakes on the first axle(s) together with the brakes on the second axle(s). The brake cylinders operated by pressurized fluid are pneumatically operated brake cylinders. The pressure modulated by the brake pedal device is a pneumatic pressure, and the pressurized fluid is compressed air.
In a brake hydraulic pressure control device for a vehicle, a plurality of electromagnetic valves are mounted on a first surface of a housing, while an electric motor for driving pumps built in the housing are mounted on a second surface of the housing opposite to the first surface. A cover member for covering the electromagnetic valves is attached to the first surface, and a main ECU for controlling the electromagnetic valves and the electric motor is arranged in a space defined by the cover member and the first surface. One or more spaces are formed between the electric motor and the second surface to receive a plurality of pressure sensors for detecting hydraulic pressures at various parts in a hydraulic brake device of the vehicle.
In a brake hydraulic pressure control device, a main ECU is provided with a first converter for converting serial signals or parallel signals inputted thereto into parallel signals or serial signals to output the converted signals, while a motor ECU arranged away from the main ECU is provided with a second converter for converting serial signals or parallel signals inputted thereto into parallel signals or serial signals to output the converted signals. The first and second converters are electrically connected with each other through at least one conductive member capable of serial communication.
A brake system including a communication bus, a sensor including an integral star coupler, the star coupler being in communication with the communication bus, wherein the sensor generates a sensor signal, a first electronic control unit directly connected to the sensor to directly receive the sensor signal, the first electronic control unit being in communication with the communication bus, and a second electronic control unit in communication with the communication bus, wherein the second electronic control unit receives the sensor signal over the communication bus by way of the star coupler.
Embodiments include systems and methods of powering data communications transmitter circuitry using current sinked from biasing circuitry used to bias a transmission line between the data communications transmitter circuitry and data communications receiver circuitry. In some embodiments, the current sinked from the biasing circuitry is sourced by a power supply configured to power the data communications receiver circuitry. The current sinked from the biasing circuitry is then re-used to power the data communications transmitter circuitry. The data communications transmitter circuitry can be operated using less power overall than the prior art by re-using the current first used to bias the transmission line to power the data communications transmitter circuitry. Various embodiments include HDMI transceivers, DVI transceivers, and DisplayPort transceivers.
A power conversion system comprises an input unit, a control unit, a plurality of pulse width modulation (PWM) units and a plurality of conversion units. The input unit is for generating an input voltage-current, and the PWM units are connected with the input unit respectively for receiving the input voltage-current and output the PWM signals corresponding to the input voltage-current respectively. The control units are connected with the PWM units respectively for counting the number of PWM units and determining the order of the PWM units. The PWM units determine the phases of the PWM signals based on the number and order of the PWM units. The conversion units connected with the corresponding PWM units respectively are for generating a plurality of working voltage-currents corresponding to the PWM signals.
A power supply system for supplying power to a load is disclosed. The power supply system includes a power source, a high voltage terminal coupled to the power source, a programmable controller coupled to the power source, and a first low voltage terminal and a second low voltage terminal. Each low voltage terminal is coupled to the programmable controller. The programmable controller may be programmed to switch each of the first and second low voltage terminals between a connected state and a disconnected state and to implement a power up strategy when initially supplying power to the load.
An integrated system of renewable energy management and storage that receives direct current generated from renewable sources and intelligently routes the electrical power between a direct current circuit and an alternating current circuit, and at the same time determines the optimal routing for electrical storage based on usage and demand. Electrical power from the direct current circuit can be converted to alternating current electrical power and supplied to the alternating current circuit, or vice versa. Electrical power from either the direct current circuit or the alternating current can be stored in the energy storage subsystem. Electric energy can be further converted to and stored as gaseous hydrogen and can supply for other applications that consume gaseous hydrogen. The system can work with a connection to a utility grid or as a stand-alone system.
A power converter control system for electric powertrains is disclosed. The power converter control system may include at least one power producing device and at least one power consuming device. The power converter control system may further include at least one power electronics module configured to convert and condition a flow of electrical current between the at least one power producing device and the at least one power consuming device. The at least one power electronics module may further be configured to serialize a flow of a first set of signals between the at least one power electronics module and at least one controller. The first set of signals may correspond to at least one characteristic of the at least one power electronics module.
A controlling unit generates a pulse signal whose duty ratio is controlled so that the output voltage of each channel will be constant, and controls the main transistor and the rectification circuit of each channel in accordance with the pulse signal. The first synchronous rectification transistor is disposed in a direction such that the cathode of the body diode thereof is on the switching terminal side. The second synchronous rectification transistor is disposed in a direction such that the cathode of the body diode thereof is on the output terminal side. The controlling unit first turns on the first synchronous rectification transistor, and then turns on the second synchronous rectification transistor for a period of time in accordance with the pulse width of the pulse signal.
The invention relates to a device and method for addressing power to at least a selected load from a plurality of loads, in particular light sources in solid state lighting applications, such as decorative indoor and outdoor illumination for buildings or cars, by timing a power signal such as to power a selected load when said common timed power signal is switched to said load under control of a delayed clock signal.
The solution controls electric operational power to be fed to an amplifier. The control can be carried out, for instance, in accordance with a predetermined signal. The operational power is fed to the amplifier with a voltage source unit and a current source unit, and the operational voltage that the voltage source unit feeds to the amplifier is controlled. The current source unit feeds at least some of the operational electric current of the amplifier.
A dual-channel load switch circuit may be provided for switching between first and second sources that generate respective input voltages. The circuit may include first and second channels adapted to receive the respective input voltages and to supply respective output voltages to a load element based on the respective input voltages. The first and second channels may each include first and second switching elements and first and second control circuitry. The second channel may include a diode in parallel with the second switching element and may be coupled to the first control circuitry. The circuit may include a reservoir element coupled to the first and second channels and configured to store a potential when one of the first and second channels supplies a respective output voltage to the load element and to apply the potential to the load element when neither output voltage is being supplied to the load element.
A roadway system for energy generation and distribution is presented. In accordance with one embodiment of the invention, the roadway system comprises a plurality of wind energy generating devices, and a roadway system electricity grid. The wind energy generating devices are electrically connected to the roadway system electricity grid and are positioned on part of or near to a road in a system of roads and are optionally fixed in a position such that a multi-form, wind energy gathering network can be formed.
A driving circuit that drives a capacitive load includes a drive signal generator that generates a drive signal driving the capacitive load via a transistor pair in response to an analog signal, and a power-source voltage generator that generates a high-voltage power-source voltage and a low-voltage power-source voltage and that supplies the high-voltage power-source voltage and the low-voltage power-source voltage respectively to collectors of the transistors of the transistor pair via a high-voltage output terminal and a low-voltage output terminal. The power-source voltage generator includes multiple power sources connected in parallel, a backcurrent prevention diode connected between the adjacent power sources, and a switch unit that connects the adjacent power sources in series under the on-off control of a controller each time the drive signal rises above a predetermined threshold value or falls below a predetermined threshold value.
To solve the problem of the conventional reference voltage generation circuit in that an output voltage exceeds a predetermined voltage value, there is provided a reference voltage generation circuit including: a voltage generation circuit provided between a first power supply and a second power supply, to output an output voltage to an output terminal; an auxiliary start-up circuit provided between the output terminal and the first power supply, to supply a voltage of the first power supply to the output terminal; and a control circuit that switches the auxiliary start-up circuit between an operating state and a non-operating state according to a value of a voltage at the output terminal.
The present invention provides an electrical power distribution system that includes a first primary distribution panel (PDP) connected to a first source of electrical power and a second PDP connected to a second source of electrical power. The second PDP is connected to the first PDP by a conductor. A first solid state power controller (SSPC) receives signals corresponding to the flow of current through the first PDP to a load. A second SSPC receives signals corresponding to the flow of current between the first PDP and the second PDP. The first and second SSPC protect the electrical power distribution system from a variety of fault conditions.
A transponder, a method for powering the transponder, and a system relating to the method. The transponder includes at least two electrical coils, a dipole antenna, and a chip electrically connected to the dipole antenna and the electrical coils, wherein the electrical coils surround the dipole antenna and the chip. The transponder is surrounded with a wiring loop. An alternating current is generated in the wiring loop. The alternating current generates a magnetic field at the electrical coils. The electrical coils receive energy from the magnetic field and transfer the received energy to the chip for powering the transponder. The dipole antenna is configured to transmit an output signal to a reader and to receive an input signal from the reader.
A portable power source is configured for use with an electronic device. The portable power source cooperates and communicates with the electronic device via a peripheral bus to which the electronic device is attachable. The portable power source includes circuitry to process a power request signal from the electronic device to determine whether a device connected to a bus interface of the portable power source is requesting power from the portable power source.
An integrated circuit includes a first transistor having a first gate and a first source and a second transistor having a second gate and a second source. The integrated circuit includes a first source contact adjacent the second transistor and coupled to the first source and the second source. The integrated circuit includes a first bond wire coupled to the first source contact.
A power control device prevents unauthorized and unwanted use of electrical devices by locking the plug of the electrical device in the power control device, when the current flowing through the power control device is stopped. The device includes a switch, moveable between on and off conditions by moving a slide lock or bolt, typically by rotating a key in a locking structure. When the slide lock has moved into contact with the switch, such that it is in an off-condition and current is not flowing through the power control device, the slide lock has also locked the plug in the power control device. The electrical device is temporarily inoperable and can not resume normal operation until the power control device is unlocked.
An actuator is disclosed for actuating a safety switch. In at least one embodiment, the actuator includes a fixing element, an actuating element, and a connection arrangement for connecting the elements. A technical method is disclosed which proposes a universally applicable and low-cost activator. To this end, in at least one embodiment, the connection arrangement is implemented with at least one elastic element, which is pretensioned by way of at least one pretensioning element. Due in particular to the internal mounting of the pretensioning element inside the elastic element, a very simple and robust structure of the connection arrangement is achieved.
A fluid assay system and a method for immobilizing magnetic particles within a fluid assay system are provided which employ a vessel for receiving magnetic particles and a solenoid actuator comprising a core component and a coil of wire wound around at least a portion of the core component. The solenoid actuator is configured such that an application of current through the coil of wire moves the core component toward the vessel. In some cases, core component includes a magnet to immobilize one or more magnetic particles disposed within the vessel. An embodiment of the solenoid actuator includes a telescoping body holding a core component and a coil of wire wound around at least a portion of the telescoping body.
A rotor for a brushless motor is resistant to degradation in alternative fuels and has desirable magnetic properties. A stator for a brushless DC motor includes coils wound both clockwise and counterclockwise around teeth of a back iron. Pairs of the coils are electrically connected in parallel.
A rotary actuator of the present invention is advantageously used as an actuator in a shift-by-wire system in an automatic transmission. An electric motor and a speed reduction device for reducing a rotational speed of the motor are contained in a housing composed of a front housing and a rear housing. The motor is positioned in the housing at its rear side, and the speed reduction device at its front side. The speed reduction device is composed of a sun gear rotatably supported on an eccentric portion formed on a rotor shaft, a ring gear having inner teeth engaging with outer teeth of the sun gear, and an output shaft loosely coupled to the sun gear for outputting the rotational torque at a reduced speed. The sun gear made of a magnetic material is positioned in contact with an axial end of a stator core of the motor to provide an additional magnetic flux path and thereby to increase an output torque of the motor.
A magnetic bearing apparatus supports a rotating object using magnetic levitation by a magnetic force of electromagnets. The magnetic bearing apparatus includes a PWM driver configured to supply exciting currents to the electromagnets, a driver power source configured to drive the PWM driver, and a displacement error signal removing section configured to extract a displacement error signal of the displacement information from a current flowing through the driver power source and to remove the displacement error signal from the displacement information.
A flux-focused, shaped permanent magnet includes a body of magnetic material having multiple surface contouring to form a reduced flux side with convex surfaces and an increased flux side with concave surfaces. The surfaces develop high and low resistance external flux paths creating focused asymmetric flux fields. A magnetic unit having the shaped permanent magnet and a magnetic flux attracter or two shaped permanent magnets interconnected by two segmented permanent magnets and a kinetic device having a stationary stator ring, a rotor disc rotating within the stator ring and a multiplicity of the magnetic units on the stator ring and the rotor disc, are also provided.
A spindle motor having a stator and a rotor includes: a stator core provided in the stator having salient-poles; a stator coil arranged between the salient-poles; a rotor; and a permanent magnet provided in the rotor. The stator core includes a stack of steel sheets whose salient-poles are formed by etching. The permanent magnet includes a ferromagnetic material consisting mainly of iron. The ferromagnetic material has formed in laminae on a surface thereof a layer of a fluorine compound containing an alkali element, an alkaline earth element or a rare earth element formed in laminae. Near an interface between the ferromagnetic material and the layer of the fluorine compound, iron exists in the layer of the fluorine compound such that a basic crystal structure of the fluorine compound is not changed and the fluorine compound containing the iron exists in the layer of the fluorine compound.
A rotor for a brushless motor is resistant to degradation in alternative fuels and has desirable magnetic properties. A stator for a brushless DC motor includes coils wound both clockwise and counterclockwise around teeth of a back iron. Pairs of the coils are electrically connected in parallel.
The present invention relates a motor, a method for fabricating the same and a home appliance with the same.
The motor includes a stator having a coil wound thereon, a rotor mounted to be rotatable with respect of the stator, a tap terminal positioned at a terminal of the coil, a magmate placed in the tap terminal for electric connection to a core line of the coil and fastening the coil to the tap terminal, and an insulation portion at the magmate for forming an insulation coating at an exposed portion of the core line, thereby reducing a production cost and improving productivity and reliability.
An interphase insulating member allowing reduction in size of a rotating electric machine is provide. The interphase insulating member includes a flat portion interposed between and insulating neighboring two phases of coil ends, and a three-dimensional portion protruding from the flat portion and guiding the coil. On a surface of the flat portion, epoxy resin layer is provided as a reinforcing member.
A first laminated body includes first and second laminated groups including respective convex parts alternately disposed. A second laminated body includes third and fourth laminated groups including respective concave parts alternately disposed. The convex part of the first laminated group is shaped to not be inserted into the concave part of the third laminated group and to be inserted into the concave part of the fourth laminated group, from a lamination horizontal direction. The convex part of the second laminated group is shaped to be inserted into the concave part of the third laminated group and the concave part of the fourth laminated group, from the lamination horizontal direction. The convex part of the first laminated group is press-inserted in the concave part of the third laminated group, and the convex part of the second laminated group is inserted in the concave part of the fourth laminated group.
A brush assembly is provided that facilitates a longer usable brush life and permits easy brush assembly replacement. The brush assembly includes an arc-shaped brush and a pivot arm, with the mounting end of the arc-shaped brush bound or otherwise mounted with respect to one end of the pivot arm. The end of the pivot arm that is not bound to the arc-shaped brush typically includes a female cylindrical slot for mating with a male shaft that is prefabricated in the motor housing, parallel to the rotor's axis. When the disclosed brush assembly is installed into an electric motor, the pivot arm slot is slidably positioned onto the shaft in the motor housing, enabling the brush assembly to pivot about the shaft on a plane that is perpendicular to the rotor's axis of rotation. A biasing spring force impels the brush assembly to pivot inward toward the rotor in the longitudinal direction of the brush, and maintains the operating end of the arc-shaped brush in contact with the rotating faces of the commutator. A single biasing spring is adapted to act upon both the brush and an interrupter device that is activated when the brush life is exhausted.
This invention provides a technique whereby, even if a step is produced by splitting a lower electrode into component elements, resistance increase of an upper electrode, damage to a membrane and decrease of dielectric strength between an upper electrode and the lower electrode, are reduced. In an ultrasonic transducer comprising plural lower electrodes, an insulation film covering the lower electrodes, plural hollow parts formed to overlap the lower electrodes on the insulation film, an insulation film filling the gaps among the hollow parts, an insulation film covering the hollow parts and insulation film, plural upper electrodes formed to overlap the hollow parts on the insulation film and plural interconnections joining them, the surfaces of the hollow parts and insulation film are flattened to the same height.
An apparatus for affecting at least one physical parameter associated with a shaft oriented about a longitudinal axis includes: a piezoelectric tubular member in a substantially osculatory coaxial relation with at least a portion of the shaft; and at least one electrical network coupled with the piezoelectric tubular member for switchingly completing an electrical path through the piezoelectric tubular member.
By resistor attached by a piezoelectric element, measurement with high accuracy is possible by strain of the piezoelectric element and there is not a trouble by a short, a piezoelectric actuator, the piezoelectric element and a positioning device therewith. The piezoelectric actuator includes; a piezoelectric element which is formed into an arbitrary shape, polarized in an arbitrary direction, and includes electrodes provided on at least two surfaces opposed in a thickness direction thereof; a driver power supply for applying a voltage between the electrodes to generate strain in the piezoelectric element; a driver power supply for applying a voltage to generate strain in the piezoelectric element; resistors provided on the electrodes through intermediation of insulators; and a displacement detection device connected with the resistors; The electrodes of the piezoelectric element on which the resistors are provided are set at a ground potential.
An inertial drive actuator includes a fixed member, a vibration substrate which is disposed on the fixed member, a displacement generating unit which causes a reciprocating movement of the vibration substrate with respect to the fixed member, a moving body which is disposed on the vibration substrate, and which is made of a magnetic body which moves with respect to the vibration substrate due to inertia with respect to the reciprocating movement of the vibration substrate, a coil which is provided on the moving body, and a driving unit which applies a voltage for causing a reciprocating movement of the moving body, and which controls a frictional force generated between the vibration substrate and the moving body by making an electromagnetic force act by applying an electric current to the coil.
An actuator includes a first beam, a first fixed part, a second beam, a first connective part, and a first fixed electrode. The first beam extends from a first fixed end to a first connective end, and the first fixed part connects the first fixed end and the substrate and supports the first beam above a main surface of the substrate with a gap. The second beam extends from a second connective end to a first action end and is provided in parallel to the first beam, and has a first division part divided by a first slit extending from the first action end toward the second connective end. The first connective part connects the first connective end and the second connective end and holds the second beam above the main surface of the substrate with a gap. The first fixed electrode is provided on the main surface of the substrate being configured to be opposed to a part of the first division part on a side of the first action end.
An ultrasonic transducer assembly for use in sensing the location of objects in proximity to the transducer. The ultrasonic transducer assembly includes a substrate member, a piezoceramic resonator plate supported on a planar surface of the substrate member adjacent to a peripheral edge of the substrate member, and a coupler connected to a surface of the resonator plate for acoustically coupling the resonator plate to a medium in contact with the coupler.
A piezoelectric vibrating reed includes a piezoelectric plate having a pair of vibrating arms provided parallel to each other, a base portion to integrally fix the pair of vibrating arms at a base end side thereof, and groove portions formed on both principal surfaces of the pair of vibrating arms in a constant length from base end portions toward tip end portions of the vibrating arms, and an electrode film formed of a base metal layer and a finishing metal layer laminated on outer surfaces of the piezoelectric plate and configured to vibrate the pair of vibrating arms when a predetermined voltage is applied thereon. The finishing metal layer of the electrode film is removed either partially or entirely at least in regions from the base end portions to the tip end portions of the vibrating arms.
A heat dissipating fan includes a fan housing having an outer frame portion. An air inlet and an air outlet are respectively defined in two ends of the outer frame portion. A hollow motor casing is formed in and integral with the outer frame portion. An inner-rotor-type motor is mounted in the motor casing and includes a rotor and a stator. The rotor is rotatably received in the stator and includes a shaft and a magnetic element. The shaft extends beyond the motor casing. The magnetic element is coupled with the shaft and faces the stator. At least one impeller is coupled to the shaft and located outside the motor casing. A circuit board is electrically connected to the stator.
There is provided a rib structure formed at a predetermined position inside a cabinet and at positions around a display panel housed in a cabinet, the rib structure including a first rib portion that is substantially linear and one end of which is opposed to a side face of the display panel and a second rib portion that is substantially U-shaped and connected to an other end of the first rib portion at a nearly bottom position of the U-shape and two ends of the U-shape being connected to a wall face of the cabinet.
A method for making a profiled no drip edge countertop in a series of attractive shapes where much of the profiled surface is already polished as it utilizes the factory polished surface of the original slab. This method decreases the amount of skilled labor or expensive tooling required for making this countertop and edge. This method hides lamination seams in joints so that the profiled edge appears as one piece as if it were milled out of a single slab of material.
A wall mountable media control system locatable adjacent a wall mounted video screen comprising a wall mountable media control center capable of controlling a plurality of different types of information data and having at least one output connection for each of said different types of information data for connection of wiring from said wall mountable media control center to said wall mounted video screen, at least one of said plurality of different types of information data being selectively enableable by a service provider of said information data, said plurality of different types of information data being accessible by command of a user of said wall mountable media control center; a plurality of wall mountable cowls locatable between said wall mountable media control center and said wall mounted video screen, said plurality of wall mounted cowls being sized and shaped to cover said wiring connecting said wall mountable media control center and said wall mounted video screen, said plurality of wall mountable cowls being interconnectable with one another by integral connection components; and a modular information data receiver addition connectable to said wall mounted media control center, said modular information data receiver addition adapted to receive information data not initially receivable by said wall mountable media control center.
Information handling system thermal parameters applied by a thermal manager to manage cooling are adjusted based on whether or not a thermal barrier is coupled to the information handling system. The presence of a thermal barrier allows higher operating temperatures without exposing an end user to excessive thermal energy. The thermal barrier couples to the bottom of the chassis of a portable information handling system and may provide additional features, such as additional battery power storage or an optical drive.
A flat, rectangular, concealed wall-mounted locking cabinet which can be securely fastened through the outside surface of a wall and into supporting studs without requiring significant modification to the wall is described. The cabinet is completely concealed by a nesting cover that simultaneously functions as a picture frame or other artistic work. The cover and the door of the cabinet both may open in a downward manner, thereby permitting the cabinet to be made in a variety of sizes whereby handguns and long guns, such as shotguns and rifles, as well as other articles, may be accommodated.
The cart comprises a platform supported on wheels. A plurality of vertical supports support a frame member at a spaced distance from the platform. The frame member defines a first opening disposed over a compartment. A door closes the opening to allow a user to isolate the compartment from the external environment. The door pivots from the closed position to the open position about two axes such that the door can be opened and the compartment accessed from different positions around the cart. In one open position the door is stopped in an upstanding, substantially vertical position such that the door is easily opened and closed. In a second open position the door extends downward against the side of the cart such that the door does not obstruct access to the compartment.
A rail assembly includes an outer rail, an intermediate rail, an inner rail, and a retrieving unit. The outer rail has an outer rail space defined therein for receiving the intermediate rail, the inner rail, and the retrieving unit. The intermediate rail is movably received in the outer rail space. The intermediate rail has an intermediate rail space defined therein. The inner rail is movably received in the intermediated rail space. The retrieving unit is disposed in one end of the outer rail space. The retrieving unit includes a fixing member, a sliding rail, a sliding member, a clip, a guiding member, and at least one spring. The fixing member is disposed in the outer rail space to close the outer rail space. The sliding rail is disposed in the fixing member. The sliding rail has a lean rail formed therein. The lean rail has a hold slot defined therein. The sliding member is disposed in the outer rail space. The sliding member moves along the sliding rail and is movably received in the outer rail space. The intermediate rail has an avoiding space defined in an underside thereof such that a length and a moving range of the intermediate rail are increased. The clip is pivotally connected to the sliding member. The guiding member is disposed in the inner rail. The guiding member temporarily engages with the clip to connect the inner rail and the sliding member. The at least one spring is disposed between the fixing member and the sliding member. The fixing member and the sliding member has two avoiding slots respectively defined therein. The inner rail moves in the outer rail space. The inner rail passes the avoiding slots to reach a closed end of the outer rail such that a length of the inner rail is equal to that of the outer rail.
A pull-out drawer assembly for a refrigerator bottom freezer. The assembly includes upper and lower baskets slidably mounted one above the other. The bottom basket has a drawer face mounted to its front edge. The upper basket has a magnet which cooperates with an engagement device that is mounted on the lower basket and is attractable to the magnet so that, when the drawer is pulled out of the freezer compartment, both drawers travel as a unit. The upper drawer can then be pushed back to disengage the engagement device from the magnet and provide access to the lower basket.
A spark plug for an internal combustion engine comprises an elongated center electrode having a center electrode tip at one end and a terminal proximate the other end, an insulator substantially surrounding the center electrode, and a ground shield. The insulator has a substantially cylindrical body with at least a first insulator section and a second insulator section. The first and second insulator sections having first and second diameters respectively and are separated by an insulator shoulder. The ground shield has an elongated base section substantially surrounding the first insulator section, a frustoconical flange protruding from one end of the base section to engage the insulator shoulder, and a ground electrode extending from the other end of the base section to define an axial spark gap with respect to the center electrode tip. The base section and the ground electrode are formed as separate components and secured together to form the ground shield.
An internal combustion engine radio frequency spark plug including two plasma-generating electrodes, separated by an insulator, that constitute respectively an outer shell enclosing the insulator and a central electrode housed in a central bore of the insulator. The spark plug includes a deep opening over the entire circumference of the shell, forming a heat-exchanger chamber inside the spark plug shell, opening outwards.
A small diameter spark plug configuration is provided, the configuration has been found to provide additional volume for the insulator member. That is, by limiting the overall number of threads on the intermediate portion along with a limit of the overall diameter of the spark plug, additional volume of insulator material may be achieved in an interior cavity of a metal shell of the spark plug. This additional volume enables a portion of the insulator member to have a larger diameter and hence greater material thickness. The larger diameter of the insulator provides enhanced dielectric properties and protects internal components of the spark plug from high combustion chamber temperatures while simultaneously providing a robust attachment of the spark plug with an engine head.
A spark plug is provided providing resistance to fouling. The spark plug includes a metal shell having a first end, a second end and an intermediate portion that collectively define a central cavity. The spark plug also includes an insulator that extends through the central cavity of the metal shell. The insulator includes a first end portion extending through an intermediate portion to a stepped tip portion having a first length. The stepped tip portion includes a first section and a substantially straight second section having a second length. The substantially straight second section includes a segment that extends beyond the second end of the metal shell to a third length. The second length of substantially straight portion is based upon at least one of the first length and the third length.
The invention relates to a process for the preparation of garnet phosphors or precursors thereof having particles with an average particle size of 50 nm to 20 μm via a multistep thermal process in a pulsation reactor, and to illumination units comprising the garnet phosphors according to the invention.
A backlight unit includes a base substrate and a first electrode which is formed on the base substrate in a line. An electron emission layer is formed on the first electrode in the substantially same pattern as the first electrode. A second electrode supporter is formed on the base substrate and disposed on sides of the first electrode and the electron emission layer. A second electrode is formed on the second electrode supporter and has an aperture pattern. A third electrode is formed on the front substrate for accelerating electrons emitted from the electron emission layer. A phosphor layer is formed on the third electrode responsive to electrons accelerated by the third electrode.
The present invention relates to monochromatic organic light emitting devices. The organic light emitting device includes a substrate, an anode, a cathode and an organic electroluminescent medium disposed between the anode and the cathode, wherein the organic electroluminescent medium includes compound monochromatic luminescent layer; and the compound monochromatic luminescent layer includes host A doped with monochromatic dopant and host B doped with monochromatic dopant, wherein the host A is consisted of two kinds of materials with different transporting characteristics, one is hole-transporting material, and the other is electron-transporting material. In addition, the present invention further relates to white organic light emitting devices, wherein the organic electroluminescent medium is consisted of at least one compound monochromatic luminescent layer, which includes host A doped with monochromatic dopant and host B doped with monochromatic dopant. The present invention provides a design to improve the lifetime of the organic light emitting device markedly.
[Object] To provide a light emitting device which can take out fluorescence with luminance higher than conventional by efficiently converting excitation light into fluorescence.
A lithium calcium silicate luminescent material is provided, which includes a tetragonal crystal phase containing Li, Ca, Si and O, and an activator containing Eu. The luminescent material exhibits a peak wavelength of emission spectrum falling within a wavelength region of 470 to 490 nm when excited by light having an emission peak falling within a wavelength region of 360 to 460 nm.
A method of producing an encapsulated module of interconnected opto-electronic devices which comprises: forming a patterned anode layer; forming a layer of opto-electronically active material over the patterned anode layer; forming a patterned cathode layer over the layer of opto-electronically active material, to provide a device array of opto-electronically active cells on the substrate; selectively removing portions of the layer of opto-electronically active material so as to expose minor portions of the anodes; forming a patterned interconnect layer on an encapsulating sheet in a pattern to define an array of interconnect pads; and laminating the patterned encapsulating sheet over the array of opto-electronically active cells whereby the exposed anode portions are interconnected with the cathodes of adjacent cells by the interconnect pads and the interconnected cells are encapsulated by the encapsulating sheet.
An organic EL light emitting display employs a color conversion system having a structure in which generation of dark areas in an organic EL element can be suppressed and emission of the organic EL light emitting element can be made highly efficient. The organic EL light emitting display successively includes a transparent substrate, one kind or a plurality of kinds of color filter layers, a bonding layer, a color conversion layer, a barrier layer, a transparent electrode, an organic EL layer and a reflecting electrode. The color filter layer is formed by a wet process, the color conversion layer and the barrier layer are formed by a dry process, and the bonding layer is selected from a group consisting of an inorganic bonding layer, an organic bonding layer, and a laminated body of an organic bonding layer and an inorganic bonding layer.
An organic light emitting display includes a first substrate including a plurality of anode electrodes on an insulating layer and a plurality of pixel definition layers around the plurality of anode electrodes. An impact absorbing layer is spaced from the plurality of pixel definition layers, and a spacer is on an upper surface of the impact absorbing layer. A second substrate faces the first substrate and is spaced from the first substrate by the spacer.
A fused polycyclic compounds is represented by the general formula (I):
The present invention relates to organic electroluminescent compounds represented by Chemical Formula (1), and organic light emitting diodes comprising the same. Since the organic electroluminescent compounds according to the invention have good luminous efficiency and life property of material, OLED's having very good operation lifetime can be produced.
The present invention relates to novel red phosphorescent compounds exhibiting high luminous efficiency, and organic electroluminescent devices comprising the same.
The invention is directed to organic light emitting diodes (OLEDs) and methods of manufacturing the same. According to embodiments of the invention, an improved electron transport layer (ETL) reduces the driving voltage and current consumption of the OLED, and increase luminous efficiency and lifespan. The OLED includes a first electrode, an organic layer on the first electrode and including an emission layer (EML) and an ETL, and a second electrode on the organic layer.
A specified aromatic amine derivative having a chrysene structure. An organic electroluminescence device which comprises at least one organic thin film layer comprising a light emitting layer sandwiched between a pair of electrode consisting of an anode and a cathode, wherein at least one of the organic thin film layer comprises the aromatic amine derivative singly or as its mixture component. Organic electroluminescence devices having a long lifetime and a high efficiency of light emission, and aromatic amine derivatives capable of realizing such organic electroluminescence devices are provided.
A tandem organic electroluminescent device. The tandem organic electroluminescent device comprises a substrate having a pixel thin film transistor. A rib with chambered corners is formed on the substrate, surrounding a display region. A protrusion is formed in the display region. A plurality of organic light emitting diodes is stacked vertically in the display region, covering the protrusion, wherein each organic light emitting diode comprises a top electrode, an organic electroluminescent layer, and a bottom electrode. The bottom electrode of the bottommost organic light emitting diode is electrically connected to the pixel thin film transistor. A common electrode electrically connected to the top electrode of the topmost organic light emitting diode directly over the protrusion.
by using mask patterns of the same shape for electrode formation, an electrode and a dielectric layer are patterned into the same shape so that it is possible to eliminate a positional shift between the electrode and the dielectric layer, and consequently to make discharge voltage between cells uniform. A plasma display panel includes a first substrate on which the electrode and the dielectric layer covering the electrode are formed and a second substrate bonded to the first substrate. The electrode and the dielectric layer are patterned into the same shape when viewed in a plan view by patterning an electrode film formed on the first substrate and a dielectric material layer formed on the electrode film by using mask patterns of the same shape for electrode formation. The patterning surface of the electrode is covered with an insulating film.
A plasma display device includes: a plasma display panel; a front glass; a conductive filter attached to a front surface or a back surface of the front glass; a back cover; and a plurality of glass pressing pieces each of which presses a corresponding one of four sides of the front glass and makes the conductive filter and the back cover be connected electrically. Among the plurality of glass pressing pieces, glass pressing pieces disposed on one pair of opposite sides of the front glass are electrically connected with the conductive filter at the front surface side thereof, and glass pressing pieces disposed on the other pair of opposite sides of the front glass are electrically connected with the conductive filter at the back surface side thereof.
A plasma display panel, and a method of manufacturing the same, including a substrate, barrier ribs formed on the substrate and defining discharge cells and non-discharge cells, the barrier ribs including first, second and third barrier rib members, wherein the discharge cells are defined by the first and second barrier rib members, the second barrier rib members perpendicular to and intersecting the first barrier rib members, the non-discharge cells are defined by the second and third barrier rib members, wherein the third barrier rib members are located between columns of the discharge cells and are disposed parallel to the first barrier rib members, and a cross-sectional area of at least one third barrier rib member is greater at a bottom portion of the at least one third barrier rib member than at a top portion thereof.
The present invention provides a method and apparatus for optical feedback control for an illumination device, wherein the control signal for each array of one or more light-emitting elements corresponding to a particular colour, is independently configured using a modification signal whose frequency is different for each colour. Electronic filters whose center frequencies are substantially equal to the modification signal frequencies of the drive currents for the light-emitting elements are used to discriminate between the radiant flux corresponding to each of the different colours of light-emitting elements, from a sample of the mixed radiant flux output collected by one or more optical sensors. The output of an individual electronic filter is substantially directly proportional to the radiant flux output of the light-emitting elements of the associated colour, which together with the desired luminous flux and chromaticity of the output light, the controller can use to adjust the control signals.
Backlight module is disclosed. The backlight module includes a first lamp, a first voltage source, a second lamp, a second voltage source, a first external electrode, and a second external electrode. Both the first and the second voltage sources have a first terminal and a second terminal. The first voltage source is used to output a first voltage signal and electrically couples to the first terminal of the first lamp. The second voltage source is used to output a second voltage signal and electrically couples to the first terminal of the second lamp. Both the first external electrode and the second external electrode have a first terminal and a second terminal. The first terminal of the first external electrode electrically couples to the second voltage source and the first terminal of the second external electrode electrically couples to the first voltage source, wherein the first voltage signal and the second voltage signal are inverted.
An electroluminescent device having an opposing EL-segment pair, including a first EL-segment that produces light in response to a first through-device current having a first transparent electrode connection and a first reflective electrode connection; a second EL-segment that produces light in response to a second through-device current, and having a second transparent electrode connection and a second reflective electrode connection and being disposed adjacent to and spaced from the first EL-segment such that the first transparent electrode connection is on the opposite edge as the second transparent electrode connection and the direction of the first transparent electrode current is parallel but opposite to the direction of the second transparent electrode current; and the first and second EL-segments are connected to a common power source such that the two EL-segments can be simultaneously forward biased.
A dual colored LED decoration lamp which includes a lamp string combined of multiple dual colored LED lamps and a controller connected between the power supply and the lamp string. The lamp string includes lamp groups combined of multiple LED lamps with two different colors and with their anodes and cathodes cross-linked. The multiple lamp groups are then connected in series, and each LED lamp in every lamp group is connected in same direction with the same colored LED lamp in the next lamp group. The controller controls the variation of the direction of current in aforementioned lamp strings. Thus, the lamp string is able to emit light with different colors by varying the current direction in the same lamp string through the usage of controller, and there is no need to set with multiple lamp strings.
A transformer wiring method and apparatus for fluorescent lighting are described. The fluorescent lighting apparatus includes a transformer and a ballast. An installer is easily able to balance the system load because each fluorescent lighting apparatus includes its own transformer and may be connected directly to a facility's three phase power distribution while still operating at rated voltages. Moreover, the ballast is protected from surges and stray voltages thereby reducing the frequency of ballast failures.
The invention is a driving apparatus and circuit for efficiently converting a direct current (DC) signal into an alternating current (AC) signal to drive a fluorescent lamp. A semi class E configuration which utilizes only one transistor is employed in the invention. The invention comprises a power transistor, a transformer wherein a primary winding is used as a load for the power transistor and a secondary winding is used to transfer energy to the load for the driving apparatus, i.e. the CCFL tube, and control means which extracts the frequency and current of the power transistor and corrects the deviation between the frequency of the power transistor and that of the control means.
A display apparatus including: a backlight unit generating a light; a display panel receiving the light to display an image; a backlight driving circuit receiving a driving power and a control signal from an external system to drive the backlight unit; a display panel control circuit receiving a driving signal and an image signal from the external system to control the display panel; and a connector electrically connecting the external system to the backlight driving circuit and the display panel control circuit, wherein the driving power, the control signal, the driving signal and the image signal are transmitted through the connector.
The present invention is related to the apparatus for driving the light emitting devices with different colors. The input powers of the light emitting devices are measured and controlled by a feedback control system to maintain constant, and by setting different power inputs to the different light emitting devices different stable colors are produced.
A lighting system is provided that includes at least one lighting device, at least one connector, and a plurality of external power sources. The at least one lighting device includes at least one lighting source, and an internal power source applying a first electrical current to illuminate the at least one lighting element, wherein the internal power source supplies the first electrical current. The at least one connector electrically connects to the at least one lighting device. The plurality of external power sources include at least first and second external power sources that are adapted to be electrically connected to the at least one lighting device by the at least one connector. The first external power source supplies a second electrical current to the at least one lighting device to illuminate the at least one lighting source and the second external power source supplies a third electrical current to illuminate the at least one lighting source, such that the internal power source and one of the plurality of external power sources each supply electrical current to illuminate the at least one lighting source at different times.
A switching device includes a paddle actuator biased to a rest position and configured to pivot relative to a housing to a depressed position to engage an air-gap switch disposed within the housing. The air-gap switch is configured to change a first state of a load connected to the switching device upon engagement by the paddle actuator. The paddle actuator is defined by a pair of opposing long sides and a pair of opposing short sides and has at least one slot defined therein parallel to the pair of opposing short sides thereof and centrally disposed between the pair of opposing long sides thereof. A rocker actuator is disposed in the at least one slot defined in the paddle actuator and is configured to pivot relative thereto to engage at least one switch. The at least one switch is configured to change a second state of the load connected to the switching device upon engagement by the rocker actuator.
In order to perform local dimming, a driving dimming duty cycle is generated using a target gamma curve (TGV), wherein the driving dimming duty cycle corresponds to a representative grayscale value (RGV) of each of a plurality of dimming unit areas. Each of a plurality of light unit blocks of a light source is driven based on the driving dimming duty cycle, wherein the light unit blocks correspond to the dimming unit areas, respectively. Therefore, a display apparatus may display an image having a higher contrast ratio than normal.
A LED dimming control circuit that avoids a higher output voltage than expected is provided. The LED dimming control circuit comprises an inductor, a transistor, a dimming control signal, a feedback signal, a switching control circuit, an error amplifier, and an inverted amplifier. The inductor and the transistor are coupled to a node. The switching control circuit is controlled by the dimming control signal and the feedback signal. The transistor is controlled by the switching control circuit. The output terminal of the error amplifier and the non-inverted input terminal of the error amplifier form a negative feedback path via the inverted amplifier.
A lighting device is generally illustrated having a light body having forward facing light sources including a visible white light source, visible colored light source and an infrared light source. Additionally, a side facing light source is provided. The light body also includes switches for activating the visible light sources and a three-position switch for activating the IR light source and the side facing light source. The light source of the lighting device may further be controlled based on a detected chemistry composition of the power source.
A lighting device is generally illustrated including a light body having forward facing light sources including a visible white light source, visible colored light source and an infrared light source. Additionally, a side facing light source is provided. The light body also includes switches for activating the visible light sources and a three-position switch for activating the IR light source and the side facing light source. The lighting device further includes boost circuitry for controlling electrical energy supplied to a light source.
A lighting system is provided that includes at least one lighting device, at least one connector, and a plurality of external power sources. The at least one lighting device includes at least one lighting source, and an internal power source applying a first electrical current to illuminate the at least one lighting element, wherein the internal power source supplies the first electrical current. The at least one connector electrically connects to the at least one lighting device. The plurality of external power sources include at least first and second external power sources that are adapted to be electrically connected to the at least one lighting device by the at least one connector. The first external power source supplies a second electrical current to the at least one lighting device to illuminate the at least one lighting source and the second external power source supplies a third electrical current to illuminate the at least one lighting source, such that the internal power source and one of the plurality of external power sources each supply electrical current to illuminate the at least one lighting source at different times.
Apparatus, having multiple motor modules, has an MCU module. Each motor module has an electronically controlled motor. The MCU module has an MCU and an interface for connecting to a bus from a CPU. In use the MCU module receives control signals from the CPU and in turn instructs a selected one of the motors to operate.
The servo motor is controlled by a control signal from a control circuit. A common branch line is separated from a positive common line in accordance with information that a safety door is opened. Thus, a first gate drive circuit group is made inoperative. Then, a second gate drive circuit group is operated to thereby short-circuit the U−, V− and W−phases of the motor to place in a regenerative braking state.
A motor drive unit includes a controller configured to drive a motor to a target position by using a first driving mode in which a state of energization of coils of the motor is switched in accordance with outputs from rotor position detectors and a second driving mode in which a state of energization of the coils is switched on the basis of a predetermined time interval. The controller turns on the energization of the coils during a predetermined time under an energization condition at a completion of driving to the target position when the rotor position detectors detect that the rotor position shifts from the target position after turning off the energization of the coils according to the completion of driving to the target position.
A motor sensing circuit with transient voltage suppression includes a sensing unit and an impulse absorber. The sensing unit has an electrical switch generating a pulse sensing signal when switching and a signal output terminal electrically connecting to the electrical switch and outputting said pulse sensing signal. The impulse absorber has a first terminal connecting to the signal output terminal of the sensing unit and a second terminal being grounded. Consequently, the impulse absorber is able to provide a route for a transient current to be drained away, with the transient current being generated by an impulse inputted the motor sensing circuit through the signal output terminal.
An electric motor control device includes a power supply unit that supplies power to a three-phase electric motor; a three-phase current sensor that individually detects three respective phase currents of the three-phase electric motor; a summing unit that calculates a three-phase sum by adding the three phase currents detected by the three-phase current sensor; a detected current correction unit that calculates correction amounts for at least two of the three phase currents based on a phase and an amplitude of the three-phase sum and then corrects phase current detection values by the calculated correction amounts; and a motor control unit that controls a power supply by the power supply unit to the three-phase electric motor by feedback control based on the three phase currents after correction by the detected current correction unit and on target currents.
The disclosed invention achieves a significant reduction in the noise and vibration of a brushless motor from a startup up to the number of steady revolutions. To drive the brushless motor from stop up to the number of steady revolutions, when the arithmetic sequencer detects a rise of a clock signal CARYCLK, current control arithmetic is executed. On detecting a fall of the clock signal, the arithmetic sequence determines whether a division control signal DIVCNT has changed. If this signal has changed, soft switch arithmetic is executed. When the division control signal has not changed or after the completion of soft switching arithmetic, the arithmetic sequencer determines whether a rise of a mask signal MASK has occurred during one cycle of the PWM carrier signal CARYCLK. If a rise of the mask signal has not occurred, the operation returns to the first step. If a rise of the mask signal has occurred, PLL control arithmetic is executed, then the operation returns to the first step.
A method for controlling an electric drive is proposed, in which, in the event of a fault, a motor control unit of an electric motor implements a safety measure to change over to a secure operating condition, such that when a faulty three-phase current feed to the electric motor is detected, a fault-associated operating mode is activated. In addition, an arrangement for controlling an electric drive comprising an electric motor with a motor control unit is proposed, which implements a safety measure in the event of a fault so as to change over to a secure operating condition, such that when a faulty three-phase current feed to the electric motor is detected, the motor control unit activates a fault-associated operating mode.
An electric actuator motor drives an actuator leg between inner and outer limits of an actuator stroke relative to an actuator base. A controller detects when the actuator leg is at one of the inner and outer stroke limits by monitoring and comparing actuator motor power draw to known actuator motor power draw values associated with the operation of an electric actuator when its leg has reached an actuator leg stroke limit. A position sensor senses changes in the position of a monitored actuator component and provides corresponding signals to the controller. The controller calculates the position of the monitored actuator component relative to the position that the monitored actuator component was in when the actuator leg was in a predetermined home position. The controller recognizes and records the concurrent position of the monitored actuator component as indicating that the actuator leg is in the home position whenever the leg reaches a stroke limit.
An electric motor protection system for protecting an electric motor of a household appliance includes a temperature sensor for sensing a temperature of the electric motor, a motor speed sensor for sensing a speed of the electric motor, a current sensing circuit for sensing an electric current supplied to the electric motor, a power control device for controlling the electrical power supplied to the electric motor, and a signal processing unit electrically connected to the temperature sensor, the motor speed sensor, the current sensing circuit, and the power control device. The signal processing unit is configured to make calculations and judgments based on the measurements of the temperature sensor, the motor speed sensor and the current sensing circuit, and a plurality of predetermined values, and to control the power control device accordingly so as to protect the motor from overheating, being overloaded, or driven by excessive current.
The invention is a system for gearless operation of a movable barrier utilizing Lorentz forces, and in particular, a movable barrier operator retrofitted with a gearless motor capable of high torque at very low speeds. Eliminating a gear system in accordance with the present invention lowers maintenance requirements, increases efficiency, and streamlines operation of any movable barrier. By utilizing a motor which produces high-torque at low a speeds a system in accordance with the present invention does away with the need for complicated gears and pulley systems in order to achieve control of movable barriers. The present invention allows manufacturers, distributors and consumers to implement movable barrier systems with much more versatility and efficiency.
A temperature estimation controller and methods are provided for controlling a torque command to prevent overheating of one or more of a plurality of phases of a permanent magnet motor. The temperature estimation controller includes a low speed temperature estimation module, a transition module and a temperature dependent torque command derater block. The low speed temperature estimation module determines a stator temperature of each of a plurality of phases of the permanent magnet motor in response to first thermal impedances measured for each of the plurality of phases with respect to a thermal neutral. The transition module is coupled to the low speed temperature estimation module and outputs the stator temperature of each of a plurality of phases of the permanent magnet motor as determined by the low speed temperature estimation module when a detected speed of the permanent magnet motor is less than a first predetermined speed. The temperature dependent torque command derater block is coupled to the transition module and derates the torque command in response to the stator temperature of one or more of the plurality of phases.
A charging system has a battery pack and a charging device. The battery pack has a battery cell and a plurality of identifiers that identify a configuration of the battery cell. The charging device has a charging unit, a signal transmission unit, a reading unit, and a control unit. The charging unit charges the battery pack. The signal transmission unit transmits a first signal and a second signal to the battery pack separately to read the plurality of identifiers when the battery pack is attached to the charging unit. The reading unit reads the plurality of identifiers according to the first and second signals to determine the configuration of the battery cell. The control unit controls the charging unit according to the configuration of the battery cell.
An underground source of electrical energy is inductively coupled to a receiver on a hybrid automotive vehicle to provide charging power for the vehicle's battery.
There is disclosed a system and method for transferring power without requiring direct electrical conductive contacts. There is provided a primary unit having a power supply and a substantially laminar charging surface having at least one conductor that generates an electromagnetic field when a current flows therethrough and having an charging area defined within a perimeter of the surface, the at least one conductor being arranged such that electromagnetic field lines generated by the at least one conductor are substantially parallel to the plane of the surface or at least subtend an angle of 45° or less to the surface within the charging area; and at least one secondary device including at least one conductor that may be wound about a core. Because the electromagnetic field is spread over the charging area and is generally parallel or near-parallel thereto, coupling with flat secondary devices such as mobile telephones and the like is significantly improved in various orientations thereof.
A lighting system is provided that includes at least one lighting device, at least one connector, and a plurality of external power sources. The external power sources are adapted to be electrically connected to the lighting device by the connector. One of the external power sources is an energy storage system having a plurality of battery cells. A first charging method is utilized when a voltage potential of first and second battery cells is less than a voltage potential threshold, a second charging method is utilized when the voltage potential of the first and second battery cells is equal to or greater than the voltage potential threshold, and the first charging method is utilized to charge the first battery cell prior to charging the second battery cell when the first battery cell voltage potential is below the voltage potential threshold and greater than the second battery cell voltage potential.
A zinc anode storage battery comprising a first electrode containing zinc or a zinc alloy, a second electrode containing an oxidizing material capable of electrochemical reduction by zinc, an alkaline electrolyte, and a substantially non-porous, alkali-ion conducting separator provided between the first electrode and the second electrode. The alkali conducting separator may be a solid alkali metal ion super ion conducting material, wherein the alkali metal is Na, K, or Li.
Disclosed is a method for controlling charging current to a battery of a charging system, performed by a control unit of the charging system. The method includes: (a) detecting that a device is coupled to the charging system; (b) adjusting the charging current to a level. The charging current is generated by the coupled device.
A charging circuit includes a main power circuit, a DC-to-DC converting circuit, a detection circuit and a controller. The main power circuit is electrically connected to a power source for converting an input voltage from the power source into a first voltage. The DC-to-DC converting circuit is electrically connected to the main power circuit for converting the first voltage into a second voltage to charge the energy storage element. The detection circuit is electrically connected to the main power circuit and the DC-to-DC converting circuit for detecting a terminal voltage of the energy storage element and the first voltage from the main power circuit, thereby generating a feedback signal. The controller is electrically connected to the detection circuit and the main power circuit for controlling operations of the first switching element in response to the feedback signal, so that the first voltage is adjustable according to the second voltage.
Electrical connection between a charging device and a secondary battery is checked during a wait time in which a charge mode of the charging device is selected. When the electrical connection is not successfully established, a charge current is not supplied from the charging device to the secondary battery.
A voltage regulator having an overload protection circuit and a method for protecting against an output voltage being less than a predetermined level. The voltage regulator has an overload protection circuit coupled between a feedback network and a regulation section. A power factor correction circuit is connected to the regulation section. An output voltage from the power factor correction circuit is fed back to the feedback network, which transmits a portion of the output voltage to the overload protection circuit. If the output voltage is less than the predetermined voltage level, a transconductance amplifier generates a current that sets an overload flag. Setting the overload flag initiates a delay timer. If the delay exceeds a predetermined amount of time, the overload protection circuit shuts down the voltage regulator.
A converter system adapted to be connected between a photovoltaic power source and a load comprises a converter circuit, a  control circuit, and a PWM generator circuit. The converter circuit is operatively connected to transfer energy from the photovoltaic power source to the load. The control circuit generates a raw control signal based on at least a voltage generated by the photovoltaic power source. The PWM generator circuit is operatively connected to the converter circuit and generates a PWM switch signal based on the raw control signal. The converter circuit transfers energy from the photovoltaic power source to the load based on the PWM switch signal.
There is described a method for measuring an alternating current which is generated using inverters and is fed into an AC power system, wherein a zero crossing signal of the AC power system is predefined, and wherein, triggered by the zero crossing signal, the measured alternating current is periodically adjusted in such a manner that an adjustment value which is assigned to the zero crossing signal is predefined, a measured value which is assigned to the zero crossing signal being adapted to said adjustment value. This method makes it possible for the measurement signal detected by a measuring circuit to be periodically adjusted using an adjustment value even during operation.
A voltage regulator coupled to an unregulated DC input voltage source by an input terminal, and to a load by an output terminal is disclosed. The voltage regulator converts an input voltage at the input terminal to an output voltage at the output terminal. The voltage regulator includes a master controller and one or more slaves, and the master controller and each slave can communicate using a ring communication scheme. A command generated by the master controller can be passed from the master controller to the subsequent slaves.
The present invention discloses a linear regulator and a voltage regulation method. The method comprises: providing a power transistor for converting a supply voltage to an output voltage to a load according to the conduction condition of the power transistor; controlling the conduction condition of the power transistor according to a comparison between a feedback signal relating to the output voltage and a reference voltage; obtaining a signal relating to a load condition; and controlling the conduction capability of the power transistor according to the signal relating to the load condition.
A low ripple DC to DC power converter comprises a first switch, a second switch, an inductor, a driving circuit, and an oscillating circuit. The driving circuit is used to control the first switch and the second switch based on a driving signal. The driving signal has a duty cycle. The oscillating circuit comprises a first oscillating signal and a second oscillating signal. The first oscillating signal has a first pulse width and the second oscillating signal has a second pulse width. The oscillating circuit is used to generate a pulse oscillating signal, where the frequency of the pulse oscillating signal is modulated based on the duty cycle, the first pulse width, and the second pulse width so as to reduce the ripple of the output voltage.
A drive control apparatus controls a drive of an inductive load having a current flowing therethrough. The drive control apparatus includes a drive control device for controlling a variation of the current flowing through the inductive load within a certain period by Pulse Width Modulation control so as to come close to a reference current value, and a reference value control device for controlling a fluctuation period of the reference current value and making the fluctuation period of the reference current value longer than that of the current flowing through the inductive load by the Pulse Width Modulation control.
The present invention provides a switching power supply device capable of automatically restarting an electrical apparatus without a user operation when a voltage of the electrical apparatus or an operation of the electrical apparatus is abnormal. The switching power supply device is provided with a short-circuiting switch for a shunt regulator included in the feedback circuit. When an abnormal condition occurs in a secondary side circuit, the short-circuiting switch is turned on by means of a control signal to reduce a voltage of a primary side auxiliary winding and temporarily stop an operation of a primary side control circuit and of a switching element. A primary side capacitor continues to be charged by a power supply through a starting resistor. The primary side control circuit and the switching element automatically restart to operate.
A switching power supply has first and second switching units and a control unit. Each switching unit has a switching element performing a switching operation to intermittently receive electric current from a battery while accumulating electric power in a coil and discharging this power to an output terminal. A resistor earthed is serially connected with each switching element. The resistance of the first resistor receiving the first current from the first switching element is lower than that of the second resistor receiving the second current from the second switching element. A maximum value of the first current is higher than that of the second current due to the difference between the resistors. The control unit controls the switching operations of the elements to boost the voltage of the battery and stops the switching operations in response to the first current exceeding an upper value.
A PWM controller for controlling a switching voltage regulator comprises a first comparator, a second comparator and a third comparator. The first comparator is configured to detect voltages of a first node and a second node so as to determine whether to stop the PWM controller. The PWM controller is stopped if a first potential is lower than a threshold, and the first potential derives from the voltage of the first node by a level shift of a first voltage difference. The second comparator is configured to detect the voltage of the first node and then to compare the voltage with a power reference voltage so as to determine whether the PWM controller receives necessary power. The third comparator is configured to compare the voltage of the second node with an enable reference voltage so as to determine whether to disable the PWN controller.
Methods and apparatus for a switched-capacitor soft-start ramp generator circuit are described. In an example, an apparatus to provide a soft-start voltage is described, comprising a first capacitor, a feedback circuit to increase a reference voltage based on an output voltage, a second capacitor, having a capacitance value greater than a capacitance value of the first capacitor, a first device to couple and decouple the first capacitor to the reference voltage and a second device to couple and decouple the first capacitor to the second capacitor.
High accuracy average output current control scheme for power current converter in critical DCM is composed of the reference block to generate preset reference; the reference calculation block, based on the power current converter's power topology, the correspondent algorithm is calculated to convert the input reference into correspondent output; the state detecting block, the states of power current converter are detected and the detected signals are converted into the same signal format as one of output from reference calculation block; the error detector is used to detect the error between the outputs from reference calculation block and state detected block and to trigger power driver block to turn off the power switch in the power current converter as the error is cross over zero; the zero state detector is used to detect when the states of the power current converter are cross over zero and trigger power driver block to turn on the power switch in the power current converter; the power driver block is controlled with both the error detector and the zero state detector to drive the power switch in the power current converter; based on the correspondent algorithm, the output of power driver block may be used for synchronizing calculation.
With the invented control scheme, it makes the accuracy of average output current of the power current converter independent of input and output voltages, circuit devices accuracy of the power current converter, and makes the average output current in high accuracy control, control scheme implement in simple and low cost.
A power supply circuit includes a control circuit which outputs a control signal when an in-rush current flows and a power-supply-resistance control circuit which supplies a current to a capacitive load. The power-supply-resistance control circuit, provided in the current path between a power supply and the capacitive load, increases the resistance of the current path in response to the control signal and reduces the resistance of the current path in response to a stop page of the control signal, whereby the control signal is output or stopped so that the in-rush current is suppressed to a value smaller than or equal to a given value.
A switching regulator and method of regulating an ac input signal to provide an ac output signal, receiving the ac input signal, generating a reference signal, detecting the points when the ac input signal is zero and synchronising the reference signal to these points, performing a subtraction between the reference and ac input signals to obtain an error signal, dividing the error signal by the reference signal to obtain a fractional error, and producing a regulated ac output signal by modulating the ac input signal to correct for the fractional error. The switching regulator uses a modulating transistor and clamping diode for each half-cycle of the input signal.
A band-gap reference voltage source circuit is constituted of a diode-pair circuit connected to a reference voltage output terminal, a first differential amplifier including a first transistor and a first operational amplifier, and a second differential amplifier including a second transistor and a second operational amplifier. The second differential amplifier operates based on a bias voltage, which is lower than a predetermined voltage, so as to forcedly pull up the level of the reference voltage output terminal via the second transistor before the first differential amplifier starts to pull up the level of the reference voltage output terminal up to the predetermined voltage via the first transistor.
In temperature sensing circuitry PTAT (Proportional to Absolute Temperature) Voltage References are typically used. By adding a feedback circuit and a source follower into the classic design, the circuit can guarantee that the current is mirrored identically regardless of the value of power supply voltage. This added circuitry is easy to implement and is low in both power and area. The essence of this invention is that the PTAT circuit allows a large range of operation including low voltage (1 Volt) and more accurate temperature readings.
An apparatus in an example comprises an integrated circuit and one or more resistors. The integrated circuit comprises an internal current source and an external interface pin. The one or more resistors arc external to the integrated circuit and coupled with the external interface pin of the integrated circuit. Application of current from the internal current source of the integrated circuit to the one or more resistors through the external interface pin serves to generate a voltage that is employed to identify the integrated circuit.
There is provided a method that includes (a) acquiring a first spectral component of a single noise pulse on a power line, and a second spectral component of the single noise pulse, (b) determining that the single noise pulse is synchronous with a power voltage on the power line, (c) determining a first magnitude of the first spectral component, (d) determining a second magnitude of the second spectral component, and (e) determining a condition of the power line from the first and second magnitudes. There is also provided a system that employs the method.
An instrument for testing an electrical circuit includes a housing, a printed circuit board disposed within the housing, and at least one probe in electrical communication with the printed circuit board. The instrument further includes a plurality of panels disposed within the housing, wherein each one of the plurality of panels has an indicator. Each of the plurality of panels is capable of being activated into an on state in response to an electrical measurement. When at least one of the plurality of panels is activated the indicator on that panel substantially corresponds to a magnitude of the electrical measurement.
A probe for sensing the movement of a body of magnetic material comprises a magnetically energisable pole piece and a plurality of electrically conductive circuits, coupled to the magnetic pole piece, such that a change in magnetic flux in the pole piece caused by movement of the body relative to the pole piece induces a voltage in each of the circuits. The electrically conductive circuits are wound around in a symmetrical fashion each other such that in the vicinity of the magnetic pole piece each circuit experiences substantially the same change in magnetic flux. A probe of this type provides a plurality of substantially identical output signals and is easy to manufacture and replicate.
Metal face inductive proximity sensors and methods are presented for sensing the presence or absence of a target object in a target sensing area in which a coil system is operated to generate a magnetic field extending outward from the sensing face at a frequency in a range that maximizes a relative target effect for the sensing face area, material, and thickness, and a target material from which the target object is made to allow the protective advantages of metal sensing face materials while enhancing sensing distance by optimizing the ratio of the target energy loss to the energy loss in the metal face.
A method for observing a magnetic field decoupled from an electromagnetic field including three fundamental steps, including producing a magnetic field with an electromagnetic field producing means, maneuvering a magnetometer to observe the magnitude and delineation of said magnetic field, and observing the decoupling a magnetic field from the electromagnetic field. In a preferred embodiment the apparatus for practicing the method includes a power supply circuit for maintaining a constant direct current source. Activating the power supply causes a current to flow through the coil of a solenoid, thus creating a magnetic field inside the solenoid, preferably having a hollow low carbon steel core. The apparatus for examining the magnetic field consists of a magnetometer including a hook for hanging a specimen from a non-ferrous dowel. The system includes a ferrous specimen and a non-ferrous specimen. When current flows in the coil, the electromagnetic field turns into a (time dependent) magnetic field, while the electric field becomes zero. Maneuvering the specimen up and down in the electromagnetic field of the coil causes the ferrous specimen to rotate, while the non-ferrous specimen does not rotate.
A magnetic sensor array includes a first three-dimensional magnetic sensor secured to a substrate in a central location of the substrate. A number of second three-dimensional magnetic sensors are secured to the substrate at a first distance from the first magnetic sensor. Additionally, a number of one-dimensional magnetic sensors are secured to the substrate at a second distance from the first magnetic sensor greater than the first distance. Additional magnetic sensors of any dimension may also be included. The magnetic field sensitivity of the first and second three-dimensional magnetic sensors may be less than the magnetic field sensitivity of the one-dimensional magnetic sensors. The sensing range of the first and second three-dimensional magnetic sensors may be greater than the sensing range of the one-dimensional magnetic sensors. The magnetic sensor array may also include a processing circuit coupled to the magnetic sensors.
A system for magnetic resonance (MR) spectroscopy includes a plurality of gradient coils positioned about a bore of a magnet and an RF coil assembly coupled to a pulse generator to emit RF pulse sequences and arranged to receive resulting MR signals from a subject of interest. A system control is also included in the MR spectroscopy system and is coupled to the plurality of gradient coils and the RF coil assembly. The system control is programmed to cause the RF coil assembly to emit a first RF pulse and a second RF pulse, wherein at least one of the first and second RF pulses is spectrally selective and at least one of the first and second RF pulses is spatially selective. The system control is also programmed to cause the RF coil assembly to emit a third RF pulse after a pre-defined time delay to generate a stimulated echo and detect MR signals resulting from the stimulated echo.
Provided is a gradient coil capable of suppressing generation of an unnecessary magnetic field component while ensuring the readiness of conducting wire winding work. The gradient coil includes a cylindrical bobbin round which the conducting wire is wound; and a winding part formed by winding the conducting wire round the bobbin by a plurality of turns, wherein the winding part has a first winding part in which the conducting wire is wound round the bobbin orthogonal to the axis of the bobbin in a circumferential direction of the bobbin and a second winding part in which the conducting wire is spirally wound round the bobbin, skewing relative to the axis of the bobbin in the circumferential direction of the bobbin.
The present utility model discloses a patient table for a magnetic resonance system, said magnetic resonance system also comprises a body coil, and said patient table comprises a table board and supporting means for supporting said table board, which table board is located in said body coil, and said supporting means supports said table board in such a way that the table board has no contact with said body coil. By using said patient table according to the present utility model, it is possible to eliminate the vibration of the table board caused by the vibration of a gradient coil, thus improving the imaging quality.
A cylindrical antenna arrangement in a magnetic resonance apparatus has two feed points to feed in two partial signals, the two feed points being arranged on a cross-section of the antenna arrangement. The cross-section has a center point. A first angle is formed by the connection of a first feed point with the center point relative to a horizontal axis of the cross-section while a second angle is formed by the connection of a second feed point with the center point relative to the horizontal axis of the cross-section. An apparatus for controlling such an antenna arrangement has a device for signal splitting with two outputs and an input. A radio-frequency magnetic resonance signal is connected at the input. This signal is divided by the device for signal splitting into two partial signals of equal amplitude that are respectively supplied to an associated output. Each output of the device for signal splitting is connected with precisely one associated feed point of the antenna arrangement. An ellipse position in space is set for an elliptical polarization via the selection of the two angles. A device for phase adjustment is interposed between precisely one output of the device for signal splitting and the associated feed point in order to set an elliptical semi-axis ratio via variation of the phase difference of the two partial signals.
A separate type coil for a magnetic resonance imaging system has a first partial coil in a first partial casing and a second partial coil in a second partial casing, the first and second partial coils being connected to a connector for connection to the imaging system via a first cable and a second cable, respectively. The coil also has a coupler having a first part and a second part that are coupled to each other. The first part of the coupler is disposed in the first partial casing and is connected to the first partial coil, the second part of the coupler is disposed in the second partial casing The first cable is disposed in the second partial casing, and the second part of the coupler is connected to the connector for connection to the imaging system via the first cable. This separate type coil couples and connects the signals in the first partial coil to the cable and the connector via the coupler, so as to ensure the reliability of the electrical connections.
An arc fault circuit breaker includes a panel having a first side and an opposite second side, a housing coupled to the opposite second side of the panel, separable contacts, an operating mechanism structured to open and close the separable contacts, and a trip mechanism cooperating with the operating mechanism to trip open the separable contacts. The trip mechanism includes a test circuit structured to simulate a trip condition to trip open the separable contacts, and a proximity sensor disposed on or within the housing proximate the opposite second side of the panel. The proximity sensor is structured to sense a target to actuate the test circuit when the target is disposed proximate the first side of the panel and opposite the proximity sensor.
A system, a method, and an article of manufacture for determining an estimated battery cell module state indicative of a state of a battery cell module of a battery pack are provided. The method includes measuring at least one of a battery cell module voltage, a battery cell module current, and a battery cell module temperature. The method further includes determining the estimated battery cell module state of the battery cell module at a predetermined time based on an estimated battery pack state and at least one of the battery cell module voltage, the battery cell module current, and the battery cell module temperature. The method further includes storing a vector corresponding to the estimated battery cell module state in a memory.
A lighting system is provided that includes at least one lighting device, at least one connector, and a plurality of external power sources. The at least one lighting device includes at least one lighting source, and an internal power source applying a first electrical current to illuminate the at least one lighting element, wherein the internal power source supplies the first electrical current. The at least one connector electrically connects to the at least one lighting device. The plurality of external power sources include at least first and second external power sources that are adapted to be electrically connected to the at least one lighting device by the at least one connector. Further, a fuel gauging system and method detects an electrochemical composition of a power source, which can be at least one of the internal power source and the external power source, and then determines a state of charge of the power source based upon the determined electrochemical composition of the power source.
A method and apparatus for testing an AFCI device. In one embodiment, the method comprises the steps of providing an AFCI device to be tested and a load, wherein the AFCI device and the load form an electrical circuit, applying AC power to the AFCI device, generating a high frequency broadband noise signal, amplifying the high frequency broadband noise signal to provide an amplified high-frequency noise signal, modulating the amplified high frequency noise signal with a signal synchronized to the load current or load voltage to provide synchronized high frequency broadband noise bursts, coupling the synchronized high frequency broadband noise bursts into the electrical circuit to simulate series arcing signals, determining if the AFCI device opens the electrical circuit within a predetermined amount of time, indicating the AFCI device has passed the test if the AFCI opens the electrical circuit within the predetermined amount of time, and indicating the AFCI device has failed the test if the AFCI device fails to open the electrical circuit within the predetermined amount of time.
A method for monitoring a component formed of a polymer material, and the polymer component. The component includes an electrically-conductive polymer sensing element integrally incorporated into the component. An electric potential is applied to the polymer sensing element, and an electric signal generated by the polymer sensing element is sensed in response to the polymer sensing element physically responding to a transitory or permanent distortion of the component. A signal can then be generated if the electric signal exceeds a predetermined threshold value for the component.
A method for assessing one or more temperatures of an electrically powered subsurface heater includes accessing an impedance profile of the electrically powered subsurface heater while the heater is being operated in the subsurface. The impedance profile is analyzed with a frequency domain algorithm to assess one or more temperatures of the heater.
Embodiments of liquid monitoring, analysis, and identification are described generally herein. Other embodiments may be described and claimed.
A method for detecting capacitor variation in a device comprises operating an oscillator in the device, the oscillator being an Inductive-Capacitive (LC) oscillator and including an inductor of known value and a capacitor under test, comparing an output of the oscillator to a reference output, and evaluating variation for a plurality of capacitors in the device based on the comparing.
A probe test head for a high density pin count integrated circuit, includes: a flexible membrane; an array of conductive structures, each one of the structures including a mechanically compliant probe tip affixed to the membrane, such that an attachment point enables mechanical actuation of the probe tip through a conductive member parallel to the membrane. A method for fabrication and measurement apparatus are provided.
A probe device for testing a semiconductor chip includes a substrate and a balun formed on the substrate. The balun includes first and second differential ports and a single-ended port. The probe device includes first and second probe tips respectively coupled to the first and second differential ports.
A device for providing electrical contact comprises a first reciprocating conductive body having a first abutting body at one end, a second reciprocating conductive body having a second abutting body at one end and a resilient means biasing the first reciprocating conductive body and the second reciprocating conductive body in opposing directions axially away from each other. The first abutting body is slidably abutting the second abutting body, thereby providing electrical conductivity between the first reciprocating conductive body and the second reciprocating body. In another embodiment, the first reciprocating conductive body, the second reciprocating body and at least one securing means are disposed within one of plurality of through holes of an elastic non-conductive housing body. The elastic non-conductive housing body biases the first reciprocating conductive body and the second reciprocating conductive body in opposing directions axially from each other.
A wafer probe comprises a contact conductively interconnected with the wall of a waveguide channel and supported by a substrate that projects from an end of a waveguide channel.
An interposer and a probe card assembly for electrical die sorting is provided. The assembly may include probes electrically contacting pads of dies on a substrate, a first wiring unit including a first wire on and electrically contacting the probes, an interposer unit including interposers on the first wiring unit and electrically contacting the first wire, and a second wiring unit including a second wire on the interposer unit and electrically contacting the interposers. At least one interposer includes a conductive member, a first connection member adjacent to a first end of the conductive member so as to electrically connect the conductive member to the first wire, a second connection member adjacent to a second end of the conductive member so as to electrically connect the conductive member to the second wire, and at least one protrusion member on an external surface of the conductive member between the first and second connection members.
In accordance with one embodiment of the present disclosure, a method for testing electronics includes forming at least a portion of an electrical circuit by electrically coupling a plurality of indicators in series with respect to each other such that each indicator is operable to substantially simultaneously indicate an electrical characteristic of a respective one or more of a plurality of conductive interconnects. Respective ones of the plurality of conductive interconnects are coupled to a respective pair of a plurality of reception nodes of the electrical circuit such that each conductive interconnect is coupled to the electrical circuit in parallel with a respective one of a plurality of indicators. The method also includes determining, based at least in part on the electrical characteristics indicated by at least three of the plurality of indicators, whether two of the plurality of conductive interconnects are electrically shorted together.
An apparatus for detecting an electronic device testing socket including a testing base, a detecting circuit board, a depth gauge, and a conductive pressing block is provided. The detecting circuit board disposed on the testing base has a carrying surface for carrying an electronic device testing socket. The electronic device testing socket includes a plurality of pin units, and each of the pin units includes an S-shaped pin and a pair of elastic rods accommodated within recesses thereof. The depth gauge disposed on the testing base presses against a top surface of the conductive pressing block, and presses with a bottom surface thereof against the electronic device testing socket. The depth gauge is adapted to adjust a distance between the top surface of the conductive pressing block and the carrying surface. The detecting circuit board is electrically connected to the pin units for detecting the status of the pin units.
Concurrent electrical access to the pads of integrated circuits on a wafer is provided by an edge-extended wafer translator that carries signals from one or more pads on one or more integrated circuits to contact terminals on the inquiry-side of the edge-extended wafer translator, including portions of the inquiry-side that are superjacent the wafer when the wafer and the edge-extended wafer translator are in a removably attached state, and portions of the inquiry side that reside outside a region defined by the intersection of the wafer and the edge-extended wafer translator. In a further aspect of the present invention, access to the pads of integrated circuits on a wafer is additionally provided by contact terminals in a second inquiry area located on the wafer-side of the edge-extended wafer translator in a region thereof bounded by its outer circumference and the circumference of the attached wafer.
The reworkable bonding pad layout includes a first point, a second point, a reworkable bonding pad, a first leading wire, and a second leading wire. There is a debug position defined between the first point and the second point. The reworkable bonding pad is formed at the debug position. The first leading wire may connect the reworkable bonding pad and the first point. The second leading wire may connect the reworkable bonding pad and the second point. The reworkable bonding pad is cut into a first debug area connecting with the first leading wire, and a second debug area connecting with the second leading wire.
In the measurement of sensor elements in a wafer composite, whereby non-electric stimuli are to be applied to the sensor elements, a semiconductor wafer having a multitude of sensor elements, each sensor element having a voltage supply connection, a grounded connection, and at least one sensor signal output, is configured such that a bus system is integrated in the semiconductor wafer, to which bus system at least the grounded connections of the sensor elements are connected and via which a supply voltage may be applied to the sensor elements, and that each sensor element is equipped with at least one controllable switching element for selecting the sensor element, so that only a selected sensor element supplies a sensor signal to a diagnosis device.
An air cylinder raising and lowering a pickup head for holding an IC device in an electronic device test apparatus, the air cylinder includes a cylinder tube; a piston; a first hollow chamber formed below the piston; a second hollow chamber formed above the piston and being larger than the first hollow chamber in terms of a pressure receiving area of the piston; and a rod with one end coupled with the piston and the other end coupled with the pickup head. The first hollow chamber is connected to the air feed device via a first feed system in which the air feed is secured even if the electric power supply of the electronic device test apparatus is cut off, and the second hollow chamber is connected to the air feed device via a second feed system having a shutoff valve.
A superconductor crossbar switch for connecting a plurality of inputs with a plurality of outputs, including a switching cell having an input, an output and a circuit for connecting the input with the output for bidirectionally transmitting data therebetween. The connection of the retaining and releasing circuitry of a plurality of cells enables the switch to simultaneously retain a selected cell or cells of a group of cells and disable the remaining cells of that group, whereby a subsequent query on a disabled cell is inoperative until the selected cell or cells is released. The crossbar switch is characterized by latency on the order of nanoseconds, a data rate per channel on the order of gigabits per second, essentially zero crosstalk, and detection of contention in nanoseconds or less and resolution of contention in nanoseconds or less.
A method for single event transient filtering in an integrated circuit device is described. The device comprises three sequential elements, each having a data input and a data output with each of the three data outputs coupled to one of three inputs of a voting gate. The method comprises generating first and second nominally equivalent logic signals in first and second SET domains, converting the first and second nominally equivalent logic signals into first, second and third nominally equivalent data channels, and transmitting the first, second and third nominally equivalent data channels to the data inputs of the first, second and third sequential elements.
A storage circuit has an input for receiving and storing data, a first power terminal coupled to a first conductor for receiving a first power supply voltage, and a second power terminal coupled to a second conductor. A power gate device has a first terminal coupled to the second conductor, a control terminal for receiving a bias voltage in response to a control signal, and a second terminal coupled to a terminal for receiving a second power supply voltage. A shorting device selectively electrically short circuits the first terminal of the power gate device to the control terminal of the power gate device in response to the control signal, thereby converting the power gate device from a transistor into a diode-connected device. The shorting device is smaller in size than the power gate device.
The present invention discloses a machine for programming on-board chipsets, wherein the on-board chipsets means that some chipsets are mounted on a circuit board, and the circuit board has a plurality of input pads electrically connected to each chipset individually. The machine comprises a platform, a number of programming modules and an IC programming burner in which the platform faces a surface of the circuit board having the input pads, the programming modules disposed movably on the platform separately extends a number of output pins outwardly so that for connecting electrically an input pad as contacting the input pad, and the IC programming burner electrically connected to each of the programming modules separately distributes a set of programming codes into each programming module when the output pins electrically connect to the input pads.
A level shifter comprises a voltage converting circuit, a voltage pull-up circuit, and a control signal generating circuit. The voltage converting circuit is configured to receive an input signal of a first voltage level and to output an output signal of a second voltage level. The voltage pull-up circuit is coupled to the voltage converting circuit and configured to expeditiously pull up a voltage of an output node of the level shifter to the second voltage level in response to a control signal. The control signal generating circuit is configured to receive the input signal and to provide the control signal to the voltage pull-up circuit. The control signal generating circuit includes three transistors.
A level shifter comprises a first-stage voltage converting circuit, a second-stage voltage converting circuit, and a voltage pull-up circuit. The first-stage voltage converting circuit is configured to receive an input signal of a first voltage level and to output a midway signal of an intermediate voltage level. The second-stage voltage converting circuit is configured to receive the midway signal and to output an output signal of a second voltage level. The voltage pull-up circuit is coupled to the second-stage voltage converting circuit and configured to expeditiously pull up a voltage of an output node of the level shifter to the second voltage level in response to a control signal with the intermediate voltage level.
When communicating data between different voltage and frequency domains, for example chiplets, in an integrated circuit, the data signals can be formatted to compensate for propagation delays and different operating frequencies between the domains, and the signaling voltage level of the formatted data signals can then be changed from the operating voltage of the transmitting domain to the operating voltage of the receiving domain so that the formatted and changed data signals can be transmitted. As such, voltage crossings are combined with frequency crossings, which can have the effect of hiding the voltage shifting within the propagation delays.
According to an aspect of the present invention, there is provided a semiconductor device including: a first circuit portion including: a first circuit that is connected between a first high-side power line and a low-side power line and that outputs a second signal based on a first signal input thereto; and a second circuit portion including: a first transistor that is connected between a second high-side power line and a node and that has a normally-on characteristic; a second circuit that is connected between the node and the low-side power line and that outputs a third signal based on the second signal input thereto.
An integrated circuit device has multiple first circuit elements arranged in a first area. A signal distribution circuit that has multiple drive circuits is connected in the form of a tree structure and that distributes a common signal that is input to the starting point of said tree structure to each of the multiple first circuit elements through the same number of levels of drive circuits. At least some of the drive circuits of the tree structure are arranged one each in each of multiple second areas into which the first area is divided to include approximately the same number of the first circuit elements, and the common signal is supplied to the first circuit elements included in the second area where they are arranged.
Various embodiments of the present invention are directed to nanowire crossbars that use configurable, tunneling resistor junctions to electronically implement logic gates. In one embodiment of the present invention, a method for implementing a logic gate comprises: providing a first layer of approximately parallel nanowires; interconnecting the first layer of approximately parallel nanowires with a second layer of approximately parallel nanowires through configurable, tunneling resistor junctions; selecting nanowires from among the first and second layer of nanowires to carry input and output electrical signals representing logical values; applying electrical signals representing input logical values to the input nanowires; and detecting an electrical signal representing an output logical value on the output nanowires.
A constant voltage generator device provides a first and a second transistor having their main current path coupled serially via a common terminal for providing a constant output voltage at the common terminal of said transistors. The device provides one or more potential dividers having a plurality of serially connected resistive elements. A first voltage is obtained from a first combination of resistive elements of the potential divider and a second voltage obtained from a second combination of resistive elements of the potential divider. The first and the second voltages are supplied to the first and the second voltage at the control terminals of the first and the second transistors, respectively.
A filter and a filtering method are provided. The filter includes a first compare voltage generation unit, a second compare voltage generation unit, a comparator and a first inverter. The first compare voltage generation unit generates a first compare voltage according to an input signal. The second compare voltage generation unit generates a second compare voltage. When the first compare voltage is not over the first reference voltage, the second compare voltage equals the first reference voltage. When the first compare voltage is over the first reference voltage, the second compare voltage equals the second reference voltage. The first reference voltage and the second reference voltage depend on a minimum pulse width. The comparator outputs a filtered signal according to the first compare voltage and the second compare voltage. The first inverter inverts a filtered signal to an output signal.
An apparatus, method, and discriminator circuit are provided for filtering false signals. A discriminator circuit receives a low-state signal via an input and, responsive to receiving the low-state signal, the discriminator circuit compares the low-state signal to a static signal. Responsive to the low-state signal being greater than the static signal, the discriminator circuit outputs a high-voltage signal. The high-voltage signal output by the discriminator circuit indicates that the low-state signal is a false low signal. Responsive to the low-state signal being less than or equal to the static signal, the discriminator circuit outputs a low-voltage signal. The low-voltage signal output by the discriminator circuit indicates that the low-state signal is a valid low signal.
An electronic device supplied by multiple supply voltages includes a bias current generating stage and maximum current selection stage. The bias current generating stage comprises a crude bias current generator for generating an crude bias current during a power up phase in which at least one of the multiple supply voltages has not yet reached its target supply voltage level, a reference current stage for providing a reference current having a target current value greater than the target value of the crude bias current when the multiple supply voltages have reached their target supply voltage levels. The maximum current selection stage is adapted to continuously output a bias current which is the maximum current of the crude bias current and the reference current.
A clock signal recovery device has a digital data signal input for the input of a digital data signal and a clock signal output for the output of a recovered clock signal. The digital data signal has a given nominal clock signal frequency. The clock signal recovery device is a digital circuit.
A Phase-Locked Loop (PLL) circuit includes a voltage-controlled oscillator. The voltage-controlled oscillator includes a voltage-current conversion circuit and a current-controlled oscillation circuit. The voltage-current conversion circuit includes an input transistor having a gate terminal connecting a control voltage, a first transistor connected in series to the input transistor, a second transistor connected as a current-mirror to the first transistor, to generate a control current, and a current source connected in parallel to the first transistor. The current-controlled oscillation circuit oscillates at a frequency according to the control current.
A frequency multiplier is disclosed. A plurality of voltage regulators each regulate levels of voltages at first and second common nodes in response to a corresponding one of input signals from a voltage-controlled delay line. An input buffer charges the first node or discharges the second node in response to a feedback signal. An output buffer regulates a level of a voltage at an output node and outputs a frequency-multiplied clock signal and the feedback signal corresponding to the voltage level of the output node. A discharge circuit discharges the first node before a rising edge of each of the input signals from the voltage-controlled delay line is inputted. A charge circuit charges the second node before the rising edge of each of the input signals from the voltage-controlled delay line is inputted.
A method and apparatus and program use the quiet, regulated power supply inherent to the PLL to drive a CMOS buffer. In this manner, the CMOS buffer may distribute the reference clock in a manner that minimizes the power and space consumption associated with clock distribution processes.
A method, system, and circuit design product for setting the common-mode voltage level of a charge pump to yield low duty cycle distortion from a voltage controlled oscillator (VCO). Differential charge pumps utilize common-mode feedback (CMF) networks to control the common-mode voltage level. A replica circuit of a current starved delay cell from a VCO replaces the unity gain buffering circuit within a common-mode feedback circuit. Inserting the current starved delay cell replica circuit permits adequate negative feedback compensation, while allowing a phase locked loop (PLL) to operate with a wide bandwidth. As a result of utilizing the replica circuit of a current starved delay cell from a VCO, the common-mode voltage level is optimally centered to interface with the VCO, thereby minimizing duty cycle distortion.
A phase-locked loop circuit includes a phase comparator that compares phases between a reference signal and a feedback signal and outputs a phase difference signal indicating a phase difference therebetween; a charge pump that outputs a charge pump current according to the phase difference signal; a low-pass filter that includes a resistor and a capacitor and that smoothes the charge pump current and converts the smoothed current into a control voltage; a voltage-controlled oscillator that generates an oscillation signal with a frequency according to the control voltage; and a frequency divider that generates a frequency-divided signal by frequency-dividing the oscillation signal and outputs the frequency-divided signal to the phase comparator as the feedback signal, wherein the resistor in the low-pass filter is a variable resistor that is changed according to the control voltage.
A delay-locked loop includes a phase detector, a shift register, a digital low pass filter, a digital to analog converter, a bias circuit, and a delay circuit. The phase detector generates a lagging signal and a leading signal corresponding to a phase difference between an input clock signal and a feedback clock signal. The shift register outputs a digital data according to the lagging signal and the leading signal. The digital low pass filter generates a selecting signal according to the digital data. The bias circuit generates a first control voltage and a second control voltage in response to the bias voltage converted from the selecting signal. The delay circuit generates the feedback clock signal corresponding to the first control voltage and the second control voltage.
A delay locked loop circuit includes a phase-frequency detector, a sampler, a charge pump, a bias generator and a voltage-controlled element. The phase-frequency detector outputs at least one difference signal by detecting a phase difference between an input clock signal and a feedback clock signal. The sampler outputs at least one sampled signal by delaying the difference signal in accordance with the input clock signal. The charge pump generates a control voltage in accordance with the sampled signal. The bias generator generates at least one bias voltage in accordance with the control voltage. The voltage-controlled element is controlled with the bias voltage to output the feedback clock signal to the phase-frequency detector in accordance with the input clock signal. A method for eliminating jitter and offset between an input clock signal and an output clock signal in a delay locked loop circuit is also disclosed.
In an apparatus and method for reducing current leakage in a phase locked loop (PLL), a pair of resistive divider circuit is coupled to receive a pair of differential input signals and provide a pair of differential output signals. A timing control circuit controls a pair of switches, the pair of switches being operable to conduct the pair of differential output signals in response to at least one signal of the pair of differential input signals being present. An operational amplifier (OA) includes a pair of OA input terminals and an OA output terminal. The pair of OA input terminals is coupled to receive the pair of differential output signals conducted by the pair of switches. A feedback circuit is coupled between the OA output terminal and a first one of the pair of OA input terminals. The pair of switches is disabled by the timing control circuit to block a current leakage from the feedback circuit.
A semiconductor device includes an input circuit, an output circuit, and a test circuit that is adapted to evaluate delaying of a signal which is input to the input circuit to be output from the output circuit. The test circuit includes a first delay circuit for delaying a signal output from the input circuit, a second delay circuit which is configured of a plurality of serially connected gate circuits and is adapted to further delay a signal output from the first delay circuit, a through-path which is configured of a wiring pattern and is adapted to transmit the signal output from the first delay circuit, a selector that selects one of a signal output from the second delay circuit and a signal transmitted through the through-path according to a control signal to supply the selected signal to the output circuit, and a control signal generating circuit that generates the control signal according to the signal output from the input circuit so as to allow the selector to alternately select the signal output from the second delay circuit and the signal transmitted through the through-path.
A pulse width modulation controller comprises a disabling unit, a level sensor and an over current protector. These three devices are all coupled to a multi-function node for accomplishing a disable function, input level sensing, and over-current protection, respectively.
An apparatus includes a first selector which selects a test data during a first operation mode, and selects a first input data during a second operation mode, a first latch circuit which latches an output signal of the first selector according to a first clock signal, a second selector which selects one from a second input data and an output signal of the first latch circuit, and a second latch circuit which latches the second input data sent from the second selector according to a second clock signal during the second operation mode, and passes through the output signal of the first latch circuit sent from the second selector during the first operation mode.
The present invention provides a standard cell and a scan flip flop circuit capable of introducing a scan test also to a system LSI having an ACS circuit. One standard cell is configured by: a 3-input selection circuit for selecting one signal from three input signals; and a flip flop circuit. The 3-input selection circuit receives a control signal and a test signal at its control input part and its first input part, respectively. First and second signals are supplied to second and third input parts, and a selection signal is supplied to a selector input part. On the basis of the control signal and the selection signal, any of the signals input to the first to third input parts is output from the output part.
A Schmitt trigger includes A first PMOS transistors having the drains and sources thereof serially connected and coupled between a voltage source and an output end, and having gates thereof coupled to an input end; B first NMOS transistors having the drains and sources thereof serially connected and coupled between the output end and ground, and having gates thereof coupled to the input end; C second PMOS transistors, each being coupled between ground and a node between the drain and the source of the first PMOS transistors and having the gate thereof coupled to the output end; and D second NMOS transistors, each being coupled between the voltage source and a node between the drain and the source of the first NMOS transistors and having the gate thereof coupled to the output end. A is greater than 2 and C, and B is greater than 2 and D.
Provided is a jitter injection circuit that generates a jittery signal including jitter, including a plurality of delay circuits that receive a supplied reference signal in parallel and that each delay the received reference signal by a preset delay amount and a signal generating section that generates each edge of the jittery signal according to a timing of the signal output by each delay circuit. In the jitter injection circuit the delay amount of at least one delay circuit is set to be a value different from an integer multiple of an average period of the jittery signal.
Provided is a jitter injection circuit that generates a jittery signal including jitter, including a plurality of delay circuits that are connected in a cascading manner and that each sequentially delay a supplied reference signal by a preset delay amount and a signal generating section that generates each edge of the jittery signal according to a timing of the signal output by each delay circuit. In the jitter injection circuit the delay amount of at least one delay circuit is set to be a value different from an integer multiple of an average period of the jittery signal.
A voltage detecting circuit for comparing a voltage to be detected with a reference voltage and outputting an output signal having a level depending on the comparison is disclosed. The voltage detecting circuit includes an inverting amplifier circuit configured to receive an intermediate signal having a level depending on the comparison and output the output signal. The inverting amplifier circuit includes an active element having a control terminal. A threshold voltage of the control terminal is as low as or lower than the reference voltage. The voltage to be detected is applied to the control terminal of the active element.
Methods and apparatus to reduce propagation delay of circuits are disclosed. A disclosed apparatus to reduce propagation delay of a circuit comprises a level shifter to selectively turn a first circuit on and off; a first switch to couple the first circuit to a second circuit when the first circuit is on, wherein the second circuit is to selectively receive a first current from the first circuit based on a signal the second circuit receives from the level shifter; and a second switch to couple the first circuit to a reference signal based on the first current, the second switch causing the first circuit to start to turn off.
A level shifter includes a Not gate coupled to a signal input and operable between a first high level and a low level; a first PMOS transistor coupled to a second voltage source and a control end; a first NMOS transistor coupled to the first PMOS transistor, a Not-gate output end and a reference voltage; and a control circuit coupled to the signal input, the Not-gate output end and the second voltage source. When the signal input and the Not-gate output end are at the first high level and the low level, respectively, the first PMOS transistor is turned on so that the signal output is at a second high level; and when the signal input and the Not-gate output end are switched contrarily, the first PMOS transistor is turned off and the signal output is at the low level.
A method and apparatus to equalize currents on a matching pair of FETs having sources connected together on a silicon on insulator semiconductor chip, or other chip wherein FET bodies can be individually biased. During a determination period, functional inputs coupled to the gates of the matching pair of FETs are short circuited, and a DAC adjusts a first body voltage of a first FET in the matching pair of FETs relative to a second body voltage of a second FET in the matching pair of FETs until a currents in the first FET and the second FET are equal, within resolution of the DAC's voltage granularity. A proper DAC control value is stored and applied to the DAC following the determination period when the short circuit is removed from the functional inputs.
A pseudo-differential active RC integrator is described. The pseudo-differential active RC integrator includes a common-mode feedback sub-circuit to control the common-mode output signal of the integrator. The common-mode feedback subcircuit may be coupled to one or more virtual ground nodes of the pseudo-differential active RC integrator, and may include one or more transconductors.
One embodiment of the present invention provides a system that facilitates proximity communication. This system includes a circuit containing a bootstrap transistor and a pass-gate transistor, where the drain of the bootstrap transistor is coupled to the gate of the pass-gate transistor. Note that a first coupling capacitance exists between the source of the pass-gate transistor and the drain of the bootstrap transistor and a second coupling capacitance exists between the drain of the pass-gate transistor and the drain of the bootstrap transistor. During operation, the gate and the source of the bootstrap transistor are coupled to a high voltage, thereby causing an intermediate voltage at the drain of the bootstrap transistor. When the source of the pass-gate transistor transitions to a high voltage, the first coupling capacitance and the second coupling capacitance boost the voltage at the gate of the pass-gate transistor higher than the high voltage, thereby enabling the high voltage at the source of the pass-gate transistor to pass to the drain of the pass-gate transistor.
A high performance, set associative, cache memory tag multiplexer provides wide output pulse width without impacting hold time by separating the evaluation and restore paths and using a wider clock in the restore path than in the evaluation path. A clock controls the evaluation of the input signals. Its leading edge (i.e., rising edge) turns on NR to allow evaluation, its trailing edge (falling edge) turns off NR to stop evaluation. At this point, when NR is shut off, the inputs can start changing to set up for the next cycle. Hence the hold time of the input is determined by the clock trailing edge.
A semiconductor device includes a first conductive type first transistor, a first conductive type second transistor, a first power supply pad arranged between the first transistor and the second transistor and supplying a first potential, a second conductive type third transistor, a second conductive type fourth transistor, a second power supply pad arranged between the third transistor and the fourth transistor and supplying a second potential, a first output pad arranged between the first transistor and the third transistor, and a second output pad arranged between the second transistor and the fourth transistor, in which a direction in which a line connecting the first power supply pad with the second power supply pad extends is perpendicular to a direction in which a line connecting the first output pad with the second output pad extends.
A gate driving circuit includes stages, the stages being cascaded and each including: a pull-up part which pulls up a gate voltage to a clock signal during a horizontal scanning period (1H); a carry part which pulls up a carry voltage to the clock signal during the horizontal scanning period (1H); a pull-up driving part connected to a control terminal (Q-node) common to the carry part and the pull-up part and which receives a previous carry voltage from a first previous stage to turn on the pull-up part and the carry part; and a ripple preventing part which prevents a ripple generated at a previous Q-node of a second previous stage based on a ripple generated at the Q-node of the carry part and the pull-up part.
The invention provides a semiconductor device that is thermally isolated from the printed circuit board such that the device operates at a higher temperature and radiates heat away from the printed circuit board. In another embodiment, the semiconductor is stacked onto a second device and optionally thermally isolated from the second device.
A gate driving circuit includes cascaded stages, each including a pull-up part, a carry part, a pull-up driving part, a holding part and an inverter. The pull-up part pulls up a gate voltage to an input clock. The carry part pulls up a carry voltage to the input clock. The pull-up driving part is connected to a control terminal (Q-node) common to the carry part and the pull-up part, and receives a previous carry voltage from a previous stage to turn on the pull-up part and the carry part. The holding part holds the gate voltage at an off-voltage, and the inverter controls at least one of turning on the holding part and turning off the holding part based on an inverter clock. A high level of the inverter clock in a given horizontal period (1H) temporally precedes a high level of the input clock by a predetermined time interval.
A voltage-controlled semiconductor inductor and method is provided. According to various embodiments, the voltage-controlled inductor includes a conductor configured with a number of inductive coils. The inductor also includes a semiconductor material having a contact with at least a portion of at least one of the coils. The semiconductor material is doped to form a diode with a first doped region of first conductivity type, a second doped region of second conductivity type, and a depletion region. A voltage across the diode changes lengths of the first doped region, the second doped region and the depletion region, and adjacent coils in contact with at least one of the doped regions are electrically shorted, thereby varying the inductance of the inductor. In various embodiments, the inductor is electrically connected to a resistor and a capacitor to provide a tunable RLC circuit. Other aspects and embodiments are provided herein.
A method is disclosed to add functionality to a terminal of a high voltage integrated circuit without the penalty of additional high voltage circuitry. The benefit is that alternative modes of operation can be selected for testing, trimming parameters of the integrated circuit, or any other purpose without the cost of an additional terminal. In one embodiment, ordinary low voltage circuitry monitors the voltage on the terminal that normally is exposed to high voltage. The configuration of a simple voltage detector and an ordinary latch allows easy entry into the test and trimming mode when the integrated circuit is not in the intended application, but prohibits entry into the test and trimming mode when the integrated circuit operates in the intended application.
A circuit for generating a reference voltage at an output node comprises a first branch, a second branch, and a main current source. The first branch is electrically connected between a first terminal and a second terminal of the circuit, and comprises at least one first semiconductor device. Each first semiconductor device comprises a first node and a second node. The second branch is electrically connected between the first terminal and the second terminal of the circuit, and comprises at least one second semiconductor device and a branch current source. Each second semiconductor device comprises a first node and a second node. The branch current source is serially connected to the second transistor. The main current source is electrically connected to one of the first terminal and the second terminal of the circuit. The output node is in the first branch or the second branch.
A method for waking up a circuit, comprising charging a voltage line of the circuit with a constant wake-up current until the voltage line reaches a predetermined voltage. Also, an apparatus, comprising a circuit portion, a switch configured to selectively couple an input of the circuit portion to a supply voltage, a current source configured to generate a first current, and a control circuit configured to control a state of the switch depending on the first current.
In one embodiment, a leakage reduction circuit is provided that includes: a virtual power supply node; a first PMOS transistor coupled between the virtual power supply node and a power supply node; a second PMOS transistor having a source coupled to the power supply node; and a native NMOS transistor coupled between a drain of the second PMOS transistor and the virtual power supply node, the native NMOS transistor having a gate driven by the power supply node.
An ASK demodulator for use in an RFID transponder having a limiter circuit associated with the antenna circuit and converting the ASK antenna fieldstrength modulation into an ASK limiter current modulation by limiting the antenna voltage to a fixed value and thereby causing the limiter current to be substantially proportional to the ASK antenna field strength, and a current discriminator circuit that discriminates the ASK limiter current modulation. By converting the fieldstrength modulation into a proportional limiter current and discriminating that limiter current, a linear relationship and a stable demodulator sensitivity are achieved. The current discrimination can be made accurately under low-voltage conditions.
The present invention, generally speaking, uses multiple selectable power supply paths, a saturation detector, or combinations of the same to achieve efficient power supply processing. In one aspect of the invention, a power supply processing circuit includes a first switched converter stage and a second linear stage. Depending on the power supply desired, the first stage may be bypassed to avoid conversion losses. In another aspect of the invention, a saturation detector is used to control the first stage such that the second stage operates efficiently just short of saturation, thereby avoiding distortion.
The present invention is a feed-forward automatic-gain control amplifier (FFAGCA) for biomedical applications and associated method, the FFAGCA comprises a detector, a controller, a variable gain amplifier (VGA), an input and an output. The associated method to process various kinds of biomedical signals with the FFAGCA comprises acts of adjusting gain setting with control path and simultaneously a signal amplification with signal path.
An operational amplifier includes a differential amplifier circuit provided at an input stage and an amplifier circuit at a post stage. In the differential amplifier circuit, first and third bipolar transistors are PNP-type bipolar transistors and Darlington-connected. An inverting input terminal is connected to the base terminal of the first bipolar transistor. The first and third bipolar transistors and second and fourth bipolar transistors construct an input differential pair. First and second protection diodes are connected between the base terminals of the first and second bipolar transistors constructing the input differential pair and the ground potential, respectively. Each of the protection diodes is connected so that the cathode terminal is positioned on the base terminal side of the bipolar transistor, and the cathode terminal is positioned on the ground potential side.
An amplifier with accurate input offset voltage is described. In one design, the amplifier includes first and second unbalanced differential pairs. The first unbalanced differential pair receives a differential input signal and provides a first differential current signal. The second unbalanced differential pair receives a differential reference signal and provides a second differential current signal, which is subtracted from the first differential current signal to obtain a differential output signal. The second differential current signal tracks an error current in the first differential current signal so that the differential output signal is zero when the differential input signal is equal to a target input offset voltage for the amplifier. For each unbalanced differential pair, one transistor is M times the size of the other transistor, with M being selected to obtain the target input offset voltage.
An amplifier circuit for amplifying an input signal to generate an output signal is provided. The amplifier circuit has a stacked main amplifier, a parallel sub-amplifier, and a signal combiner. The stacked main amplifier includes a first amplifier unit for outputting a first amplified signal generated from processing the input signal; and a second amplifier unit for outputting a second amplified signal generated from processing the first amplified signal. The first amplifier unit and the second amplifier unit share bias current. The parallel sub-amplifier is coupled to the stacked main amplifier according to a parallel connection fashion, and outputs a third amplified signal generated from processing the input signal. The signal combiner combines the second amplified signal and the third amplified signal to generate the output signal.
A low-noise amplifier is provided according to the present invention. The low-noise amplifier includes a first amplifier stage, a second amplifier stage, a third amplifier stage, an input matching network, inter-stage matching networks, and an output matching network. The impedance of the input matching network and the input impedance of the first amplifier stage are conjugate matched, thereby decreasing system power consumption and noise factor. The system gain is enhanced by cascading three stages of amplifiers.
This document discloses, among other things, a front end circuit having a selectable center frequency. The center frequency is selected based on a control signal proportional to a phase difference between a reference frequency and an amplifier output. A resonant frequency of a tank circuit coupled to the amplifier is tuned using the control signal.
A local oscillation generator (LO-GEN) maintains a fixed bandwidth using a gain calibration module that compensates for variations in the voltage controlled oscillation (VCO) gain based on the oscillation frequency. During an open loop calibration of the LO-GEN, the gain calibration module adjusts the charge pump current to compensate for the VCO gain changes.
A frequency synthesizer includes first and second frequency dividers for receiving and frequency-dividing a signal generated by a voltage-controlled oscillator, a frequency mixer for mixing output signals of the first and second frequency dividers, and a third frequency divider for receiving and frequency-dividing a signal having one frequency of two frequencies that are output by the frequency mixer. The first, second third and frequency dividers and the frequency mixer are provided in a feedback loop within a PLL circuit between the voltage-controlled oscillator and the phase comparator. The phase comparator has a first input terminal to which a signal to which a signal that is output by the third frequency divider is input and a second input terminal to which a reference clock signal that is output by a reference signal generator is input. A loop filter supplies the voltage-controlled oscillator with a voltage that is based upon result of the phase comparison by a phase comparator. The voltage-controlled oscillator supplies the first and second frequency dividers with a signal that oscillates at a frequency corresponding to the voltage input to the oscillator.
A method, system, and circuit device for interfacing single-ended charge pump output to differential voltage controlled oscillator (VCO) inputs to yield low duty cycle distortion from a VCO. A single-ended charge pump output is utilized to create a compliment differential voltage leg, while optimally centering the common-mode voltage level to interface to a current starved ring VCO. A replica of the VCO's current starved delay cell is implemented along with negative feedback to generate the compliment differential voltage leg. The single-ended charge pump output is coupled to a first transistor, while a second transistor is coupled to the output of an error amplifier. The error amplifier utilizes negative feedback to bias the second transistor, forcing the output of the replica circuit to equal a reference voltage.
A circuit arrangement for detecting voltage changes, comprising supply terminals configured to apply a first potential and a second potential, a first oscillator and a second oscillator, which are operated with the first potential and the second potential, a voltage dependence of the frequency of the first oscillator differing from a voltage dependence of the frequency of the second oscillator, a first evaluation circuit configured to evaluate the frequency of the first oscillator and a second evaluation circuit configured to evaluate the frequency of the second oscillator, and a comparison circuit configured to compare a value based on the evaluated frequencies of the first oscillator and of the second oscillator with a predetermined threshold value, and to output a voltage change signal indicating an impermissible voltage change between the first potential and the second potential depending on the result of the comparison.
A ring oscillator has an odd number of NOR-gates greater than or equal to three, each with first and second input terminals, a voltage supply terminal, and an output terminal. The first input terminals of all the NOR-gates are interconnected, and each of the NOR-gates has its output terminal connected to the second input terminal of an immediately adjacent one of the NOR-gates. During a stress mode, a voltage supply and control block applies a stress enable signal to the interconnected first input terminals, and an increased supply voltage to the voltage supply terminals. During a measurement mode, this block grounds the interconnected first input terminals, and applies a normal supply voltage to the voltage supply terminals. Also included are an analogous NAND-gate based circuit, a circuit combining the NAND- and NOR-aspects, a circuit with a ring oscillator where the inverters may be coupled directly or through inverting paths, and circuits for measuring the bias temperature instability effect in pass gates.
According to one exemplary embodiment, a voltage controlled oscillator configured to operate in low and high band modes includes a low band section and a high band section. The voltage controlled oscillator further includes a multi-tap inductor having a high inductance portion coupled to the low band section and a low inductance portion coupled to the high band section. The low band section is configured to provide a low frequency band oscillator output in the low band mode and the high band section is configure to provide a high frequency band oscillator output in the high band mode. The low band section is disabled in the high band mode and the high band section is disabled in the low band mode. A center tap of the multi-tap inductor is coupled to a supply voltage.
A crystal oscillator includes an oscillator circuit, a main body, a first switching circuit, a second switching circuit, and a voltage detecting circuit. The oscillator circuit includes an IC chip including an output circuit and a function circuit. The crystal element includes a first excitation electrode and a second excitation electrode. The main body houses the oscillator circuit and the crystal element and includes a power supply terminal, a ground terminal, an output terminal, and a function terminal. The output terminal is electrically connected to the output circuit and the first excitation electrode via the first switching circuit. The function terminal is electrically connected to the function circuit and the second excitation electrode via the second switching circuit. The first switching circuit and the second switching circuit are operated on the basis of a switching signal from the voltage detecting circuit connected to the power supply terminal.
An inductance-switchable dual-band voltage-controlled oscillation circuit is proposed, which is designed for integration to a high-frequency signal processing system, such as an ultra-wideband (UWB) circuit system, for providing a dual-band voltage-controlled oscillating signal generating function. The proposed voltage-controlled oscillation circuit is characterized by the use of a switchable inductance circuit architecture in lieu of a switchable capacitive circuit architecture for integration to a fixed-inductance circuit architecture to constitute a variable-inductance LC tuning circuit architecture that allows the provision of a dual-band oscillating signal generating function. Further, a current mirror circuit module is used to maintain the quality factor of the LC tuning circuit in both operating modes; a buffer-stage circuit architecture is used to achieve low power consumption, low phase noise, and broad tuning range.
Compensating for wideband quadrature imbalance error by introducing inverse complex inputs to phase quadrature estimator filters to generate estimated quadrature distortion; summing estimator quadrature distortion with a delayed version of the actual complex input to obtain estimated quadrature output; comparing the output with the true output to obtain residual quadrature imbalance error; applying a least mean square to the inverse input and imbalance residual error to obtain an updated estimate of filter coefficients; updating the filter coefficients of the phase quadrature estimator; and updating the filter coefficients of a phase quadrature compensator with the filter coefficients of the phase quadrature estimator to obtain a quadrature output pre-compensated for quadrature imbalance error.
Methods and apparatus are disclosed, such as those involving an interconnection layout for an integrated circuit (IC). One such layout includes a plurality of differential pairs of lines. Each differential pair has two lines including one or more parallel portions extending substantially parallel to each other. Each pair also includes a shield line. Each of the shield lines includes one or more parallel portions interposed between the parallel portions of one of the pairs of differential lines. One or more of the shield lines are electrically connected to a voltage reference, such as ground. This layout is believed to reduce or eliminate intra-pair coupling as well as inter-pair coupling.
An improved spiral coupler including a plurality of parallel, coextensive conductive strips disposed in a planar spiral path, including a first strip having an input port and a direct or through port, a second strip having a coupler port and an isolated port and a first cross-over connection for bridging the strips from the inside to the outside of the spiral path to provide all four the ports external access to the spiral path.
A method and system for reducing the noise level of a power supply system with the implementation of a voltage controlled decoupling capacitor in an electrical circuit. Voltage variations of the power supply caused by switching currents are detected by a voltage sensor control circuit. The voltage sensor circuit compares a stable reference voltage with the varying voltage level of the power supply in order to generate a sensor control voltage. When applied to the decoupling capacitor, the control voltage adjusts the capacitance of the voltage controlled capacitor. The adjusted capacitance allows the voltage controlled decoupling capacitor to compensate for the effects of the voltage variations by supplying an increased quantity of charge to various circuit components. Thus, the voltage controlled capacitor is able to efficiently reduce noise within the power supply system.
A layered low-pass filter includes: a layered substrate; an input terminal, an output terminal and a grounding terminal each disposed on a periphery of the layered substrate; first and second inductors connected in series and provided between the input terminal and the output terminal; first to fifth capacitors formed within the layered substrate; a grounding conductor layer provided within the layered substrate; and a conducting portion formed within the layered substrate. The conducting portion includes a conductor layer connected to the grounding terminal, and a conducting path formed of a plurality of through holes. The conducting portion connects the grounding conductor layer to the grounding terminal via a path longer than the shortest distance between the grounding conductor layer and the grounding terminal.
A coupling device for transmitting a wireless signal is provided. The coupling device includes a substrate, a ground layer and a feed conductor. The substrate includes a first surface and a second surface opposite to the first surface. The ground layer is disposed on the second surface having a circular opening, and the circular opening has an opening edge and an opening center. The feed conductor extends on the first surface, including a conductive portion and a feed portion connected thereto. The feed portion corresponds to the circular opening, wherein the opening center is on a base line, a radial line is formed between the opening center and the opening edge, a radial distance is formed on the radial line between the opening edge and the feed portion, and a length of the radial distance varies with an angle between the radial line and the base line.
A transistor single-pole-single-throw circuit device includes at least a transistor single-pole-single-throw circuit having a first transistor and a second transistor, and an inductor capacitor (LC) resonator having an inductor and a capacitor connected in series, allowing two ends of the LC resonator connected to the first source and the first drain of the first transistor, respectively. The transistor single-pole-single-throw circuit device adopts an LC resonator having an inductor and a capacitor connected in series to connect with the first source and the first drain of the first transistor. The inductor couples and resonates with a parasitic capacitance of the transistor, to reduce signal loss due to emerged parasitic capacitance when the conventional single-pole-single-throw circuit selects a switch transistor with a larger width.
A circuit breaker and method include main contacts configured to connect in an on position and be separated in an off position. A handle is coupled to one of the main contacts to adjust the contacts between the on position, the off position, a trip position and an over on position. Secondary contacts are configured to provide power when connected using the handle in the over on position, even when the main contacts are separated. A stop mechanism configured to maintain separation between the main contacts to enable testing using the secondary contacts to power a test circuit such that if a test passes, the stop mechanism is released to permit resetting of the main contacts.
In a superconducting magnet, including a vacuum vessel, a coil vessel inside the vacuum vessel, and a superconducting coil inside the coil vessel for generating a magnetic field, has a magnetic member, disposed inside the vacuum vessel, supported with thermal insulation, for compensating the magnetic field; a heat exchange device disposed outside the vacuum vessel for supplying to or absorbing heat from the vacuum vessel; and thermal conducting members thermally connecting the heat exchange device via the vacuum vessel to the magnetic member. An MRI including the superconducting magnet is also disclosed.
This invention provides a direct printable rubber magnet, which includes a rubber magnet layer and a coating layer. The coating layer combines with the surface of rubber magnet layer. This coated rubber magnet is printable, write-able and color paint-able on the coated surface. This invention makes the printable coating layer directly coated on the magnet layer to reach the same function as existing printable flexible magnet which usually have to be laminated with adhesive and PVC or paper on magnet, therefore, the process technique is much more simple, reasonable, easier than previous art, and it is more cost effective also. Moreover, the printable rubber magnet from this invention is quite convenient for recycling, as it does not have the cost caused by the simultaneous recycling of the plastic or the paper and so on. The superficial coating layer on the rubber magnet is very thin and accounts for nothing comparing to the thickness of whole magnet, and it is not necessary to separate the coating layer with magnet layer while recycling. Therefore, this invention makes recycling of magnet to be much simpler, much more inexpensive, and more environmental friendly.
A power transformer apparatus and method of assembling are provided. In one aspect, a method of assembling a transformer is provided. The method includes providing a heat sink including a plurality of exterior ribs, wherein the heat sink forms a bottom wall of an enclosure. The method also includes coupling at least one diaphragm to the heat sink such that a bottom surface of the diaphragm is in contact with the heat sink, coupling at least one winding to the at least one diaphragm, and coupling a terminal board to the heat sink such that a plurality of spacers are positioned between the terminal board and the heat sink.
On-chip integrated variable inductors, methods of making and tuning an on-chip integrated variable inductor, and design structures embodying a circuit containing the on-chip integrated variable inductor. The inductor generally includes a signal line configured to carry an electrical signal, a ground line positioned in proximity to the signal line, and at least one control unit electrically coupled with the ground line. The at least one control unit is configured to open and close switch a current path connecting the ground line with a ground potential so as to change an inductance of the signal line.
The invention is directed to a transformer having a ferromagnetic core with a coil disposed around the core. An insulation layer is disposed over the core and the coil and terminals are connected to the coil. Each of the terminals is formed from cast metal and has a base and a connector. The base is at least partially disposed under the insulation layer. A connector is joined to the base at about a right angle and is located toward the middle of the base.
An inductor device includes at least one printed circuit board, a magnetic device and a metal wire. The printed circuit board has through holes disposed on it. The magnetic device passes through the through holes on the printed circuit board. The metal wire surrounds the magnetic device with an eddy shape.
A flexible substrate is wound around a magnetic core to define an antenna coil. A receiver coil including a first receiver coil portion and a second receiver coil portion which have opposite winding directions, and a transmitter coil including a first transmitter coil portion and a second transmitter coil portion which have opposite winding directions are provided on the flexible substrate. A region in which the receiver coil is provided and a region in which the transmitter coil is provided at least partially overlap each other when viewed in plan view, and non-coil-wound portions are provided between the first coil portions and second coil portions in the coils.
A fuse is disclosed, the fuse made of a first metal, such as copper, and having a notched portion with an alloying element, such as tin, deposited in the notch. The alloying element helps to lower the voltage drop across the notch, allowing the fuse to generate less heat during operation without affecting its ability to protect a circuit to which it is connected. The fuse may also include a housing and terminals to connect into a circuit.
A cross-point switch and cross-point switch fabric utilizing phase change material, and method of operating the same. The cross-point switch includes a phase change cross-point circuit containing a plurality of terminal nodes connected to a central node. The connections between the terminal nodes and the central nodes are regulated by phase change switches comprised of a phase change material. The phase change switches being controlled by heating elements capable of melting or crystallizing the phase change material in the phase change switch. The heating elements are operated by a separate heating circuit. Each individual heating element is regulated by an individual transistor.
An aggregate substrate has a first varistor part, a second varistor part, and a heat dissipation layer The first varistor part includes a first varistor element layer to exhibit nonlinear voltage-current characteristics, and a plurality of first internal electrodes juxtaposed in the first varistor element layer. The second varistor part includes a second varistor element layer to exhibit nonlinear voltage-current characteristics, and a plurality of second internal electrodes juxtaposed in the second varistor element layer The heat dissipation layer is located between the first and second varistor parts and is in contact with the first and second varistor parts.
A detection unit for integration in a luggage compartment of an airplane, having a capacitive sensor with an active layer, wherein the capacitive sensor is adapted to detect a first event triggered by a user, wherein the detection unit is adapted to transmit a first control signal to a control mechanism, wherein the first control signal corresponds to the first event and wherein the active layer comprises carbon fibre electrically isolated from a surrounding compartment structure.
A wireless network communications unit is operable to transmit and receive data for a host device. The wireless network communications unit includes a wireless network communications interface configured to transmit and receive data using a wireless network protocol when a host device having the wireless network communications unit is turned on. The wireless communications unit also includes a tag component detecting when the host device is turned off. In response to detecting the host device being turned off, the unit enters a tag operational mode wherein the tag component is configured to transmit data identifying the host device via the wireless network interface.
In order to provide a sensor that is employable in advantageous manner and which comprises at least one sensitive element and a housing within which the at least one sensitive element is arranged, it is proposed that at least one RFID data carrier be arranged below a surface of the housing, said data carrier storing sensor properties in non-volatile manner and being adapted to be read out in non-contact making manner.
Method and system for detecting vital signs of living bodies in particular in visually obstructed areas by means of illuminating the area of interest with interrogating multifrequency electromagnetic signal. The reflected energy is phase demodulated in quadrature separately on every frequency and analyzed on presence of respiration and heartbeat signature, whereby pairs of frequencies with the same relationship of quadrature components are used for ranging. A system for detecting vital sings of living bodies includes a means of generating said interrogating signal, a transmit antenna, a receive antenna, a multichannel quadrature mixer and multichannel FFT analyzer. The quadrature components so obtained can be processed jointly or separately and monitored on a multistrip waterfall diagram or as a multichannel spectrum plot.
A wireless sensor reader is provided to interface with a wireless sensor. The wireless sensor reader transmits an excitation pulse to cause the wireless sensor to generate a ring signal. The wireless sensor reader receives and amplifies the ring signal and sends the signal to a phase-locked loop. A voltage-controlled oscillator in the phase-locked loop locks onto the ring signal frequency and generates a count signal at a frequency related to the ring signal frequency. The voltage-controlled oscillator is placed into a hold mode where the control voltage is maintained constant to allow the count signal frequency to be determined.
According to one embodiment, a radio communication device includes: an antenna that communicates with a non-contact IC card by a radio signal having a predetermined frequency, the antenna having an unique resonance frequency in vicinity of the predetermined frequency; a frequency changer that shifts a resonance frequency of the antenna from the vicinity of the predetermined frequency to a high resonance frequency higher than the unique resonance frequency when the frequency changer is activated; a controller that controls whether or not the frequency changer is activated.
An inventory management and network operations system and method. In one embodiment, the system includes: (1) a radio-frequency identification (RFID) reader data network having RFID readers configured to read tag identifiers from RFID tags associated with equipment to be deployed to a target network and (2) a computer coupled to the RFID reader data network and the target network and configured to retrieve the tag identifiers from the RFID reader data network and network identifiers from equipment deployed in the target network, associate the tag identifiers and the network identifiers and display both the tag identifiers and the network identifiers of at least some of the equipment to a user.
An identification code circuit for a receiving coil in a magnetic resonance imaging system, is embodied in a main coil. The circuit has a fixed resistance for generating the identification code of the main coil. The main coil has a socket for connecting a sub-coil, so that a coil plug of a sub-coil can be plugged into the socket for connecting to the main coil. The identification code circuit also has a regulating resistance and a sub-coil switch corresponding to the socket. The coil plug of the sub-coil is plugged into the socket to close the sub-coil switch, so that the values of the regulating resistance and said fixed resistance are added together to form a combined resistance value. After said main coil has been connected to a magnetic resonance imaging system, an identification code source voltage value across the combined resistance value is the identification code of the combined main coil and sub-coil. A receiving circuit identification code thus can be generated simply and with reduced cost.
Systems and methods for actuating a tactile stimulation in response to detecting a specific event associated with exposure to a particular environmental or physiological condition are described herein. A tactile stimulation device, according to one of several implementations, comprises a sensing layer, an actuating layer, and an adhesive layer. The sensing layer, which is sensitive to exposure to a particular condition, is configured to sense when a specific event associated with exposure to the particular condition occurs. The actuating layer is configured to provide a tactile stimulation to a human subject when the specific event occurs. The adhesive layer is configured to affix the sensing layer and actuating layer with respect to a surface portion of the skin of the human subject such that the human subject can sense the tactile stimulation provided by the actuating layer. The sensing layer, actuating layer, and adhesive layer can be bonded together to form a relatively flat structure.
Various embodiments of the present invention provide systems and methods for interacting with a computer. For example, a haptic interface device is disclosed that includes a thin, flexible passive actuating element and a sensor. The thin, flexible passive actuating element includes at least one unattached edge that is susceptible to manipulation, and the sensor is operable to detect a manipulation of the thin, flexible passive actuating element and to provide an output corresponding to the detected manipulation. In some cases of the aforementioned embodiments, the thin, flexible passive actuating element provides a haptic feedback to a user providing the manipulation, and the haptic feedback simulates the haptic sensation of paper such as, for example a sheet of paper, a playing card, an index folder or the like.
In a vehicle anti-theft system, a vehicle-mounted mainframe downloads a sole identification code, serving as a control identification code, and transfers the sole identification code into a part as a part identification code. The vehicle-mounted mainframe determines if the control identification code is obtained when the vehicle is activated. If yes, the vehicle-mounted mainframe sends a request command to the part to obtain the part identification code. The vehicle-mounted mainframe determines if the part identification code meets with the control identification code. If yes, the vehicle-mounted mainframe produces a normal operation signal to enter a normal operational mode and feedbacks the identification code to the customer service center. The customer service center checks with a database for stolen events. If an event of vehicle stolen is found, subsequent procedures are taken; otherwise, the vehicle-mounted mainframe transfers an abnormal signal to the customer service center for proceeding with subsequent procedures.
A method and apparatus are provided for detecting an intruder inside a vehicle. The apparatus comprises a load sensor coupled to the vehicle, and a processor. The processor is coupled to the load sensor and is configured to monitor the load in the vehicle after the vehicle is vacated and locked and to determine if the load in the vehicle changes by more than a predetermined threshold.
An object detection system is provided for detecting a thermal emitting object in a blind zone proximate to a host vehicle. The system includes a thermal radiation detector located on a host vehicle and configured to sense temperature of multiple coverage zones proximate to the host vehicle. A processor processes temperature sensed by an infrared detector. The processor determines a change in thermal temperature sensed by the infrared detector and determines the presence of an object in the coverage zone based on the change in the sensed temperature. An output provides a signal indicative of an object sensed in the coverage zone based on the determined change in temperature. The thermal radiation detector may include a first infrared detector configured to measure temperature of a first coverage zone by receiving infrared radiation from the first coverage zone, and a second infrared detector configured to measure temperature of second and third coverage zones by receiving infrared radiation from the second and third coverage zones.
A message-generating motor vehicle ignition key comprises a key portion for coupling with an ignition switch and a grip portion for grasping by an operator of the motor vehicle. The grip portion comprises a housing defining at least one chamber therein, a controller having a processor, memory, and associated operational components received in the at least one chamber, a battery received in the at least one chamber, electrically coupled with the controller, and supplying the controller with power to operate the controller, and a message generator received in the at least one chamber and electrically coupled with the controller to receive a signal from the controller. Data can be stored in the memory and processed by the processor into a signal delivered to the message generator to generate a spoken message.
An automatic signaling system for a vehicle having a turn signal light, includes a sensor configured for sensing at least a portion of a lane, and a processor coupled to the sensor, wherein the processor is configured to activate the turn signal light of the vehicle based at least on a signal received from the sensor. A method for activating a turn signal light of a vehicle includes sensing at least a portion of a lane in which the vehicle is traveling, and automatically activating a turn signal light of the vehicle based at least on the sensed portion of the lane.
Apparatus and method for managing utilization of rooms in a clinic, for example, include a visible display, including, for example, colored lights, at an examining room, indicating one or more of several available room status values for the room. An input device including, e.g., push buttons, is coupled to the display and adapted for selecting the room status value. A timer coupled to the input device and display automatically changes the status value of a room when a predetermined time period has elapsed after the status value is first selected, except when a third room status value is selected. This feature notifies personnel if, for example, a patient has been left alone in a room too long.
A computing system for managing site security through a communication device includes a mobile communication device, a notification, and the communication device. Using BLUETOOTH technology, the mobile communication device communicates with and activates the communication device and the notification. The communication device detects any noteworthy event and captures visual data accordingly, and transmits the visual data to the mobile communication device. The notification generates visual and audio alerts. A related method and storage medium with instructions for performance of the method also provided.
A method is provided for monitoring hygiene compliance.
A radiation detection apparatus and a radiation image capturing system according to the present invention includes an electronic cassette equipped with a casing, and a radiation detection device accommodated inside the casing, which detects radiation emitted from a radiation source and having passed through a subject, while converting the radiation into radiation image information. The electronic cassette includes a sensor for sensing that the casing has been lifted, a power supply controller for supplying power based on a detection signal from the sensor, a discriminating unit for discriminating whether the radiation detection apparatus has transitioned to an image capturing capable mode, and a warning signal output unit for outputting a warning signal, for issuing a warning when the radiation detection apparatus cannot transition to the image capturing capable mode.
During communication periods between transportable electronic cassette and an image reading device by laser light, laser light detection is carried out by peripheral light sensors provided at the periphery of laser light receiving regions of the electronic cassette and the image reading device. The detected value of the received light amount of the laser light by the peripheral light sensor is monitored to see whether or not the detected value exceeds a reference value, the detected value at the start of communication, by a specific value or greater. If the detected value of the received light amount exceeds the reference value by the specific value or greater, then it is concluded that there has been a relatively large change in the relative position of the electronic cassette and the image reading device, and emission is halted of the laser light from the electronic cassette and the image reading device.
A tamper indication device has a film attached and connected within the circuit that generates a signal in response to a tamper event. The signal is received by a micro-controller which generates an output signal to a display or data collection device and transceiver. More particularly, the tamper indication device has a printed circuit in a specialized pattern to make entry without breaking the circuit near impossible. When the circuit is broken a signal is counted by the micro controller which generates an output signal for delivery to a display or other data collection device. The output signal can be transmitted by RF device such as a passive or active RFID Tag, or by an IR communications device or by any other communication variant.
An occupancy adapter for converting any type of security system motion detector into an occupancy-based controller, such as for regulating lighting within a building or controlled space. The occupancy adapter can also be used to provide control to other automated systems within a building or controlled space, such as security systems, HVAC, fire alarms, etc., based on occupancy data. 
An apparatus is provided for deterring theft of an electronic device. The apparatus comprises of a retaining member comprising a locking mechanism attached at a first end of the retaining member and an anchoring mechanism at a second end of the retaining member; and a coupling connector protruding from the retaining member for coupling a data port of the electronic device
The present invention involves a system and method of remotely detecting the presence of a wafer comprising, a passive RFID circuit, wherein the RFID circuit is attached to an end of a transfer arm located inside a vacuum chamber of an ion implantation system, a reader located outside the vacuum chamber, and wherein the RFID tag provides an indication relating to whether or not a wafer is secured by the transfer arm.
An asset tracking system includes a server, a plurality of readers in communication with the server, and a plurality of radio frequency identification tags. Each of the plurality of readers is coupled to at least two antennas. The at least two antennas receive signals from a plurality of radio frequency identification tags.
A security tag and system for securing objects, the system and security tag includes an acousto magnetic (“AM”) electronic article surveillance (“EAS”) component that has a housing with a defined surface area. The housing of the EAS component includes a perimeter boundary that defines an EAS component plane. The system and security tag further include a radio frequency identification (“RFID”) component that includes an integrated circuit and a dipole antenna defining an RFID component plane that is substantially coplanar with the EAS component plane. The integrated circuit and the dipole antenna are positioned externally along the perimeter boundary of the EAS component.
A system and method for encoding and printing RFID record members with a continuous moving web is provided. In particular, a printer such as a RFID printer is capable of encoding an inlay or multiple inlays within a record member while the web is continuously moving. While a record member is being encoded on a moving web, the record member may be printed upon when a leading edge of a record member reaches the print position.
A smart care system utilizes an information collecting unit to obtain information of a care receiver from a monitoring area so as to produce a monitoring signal. The monitoring signal is transmitted to an outputting device for displaying the information collected by the information collecting unit to a care giver. The smart care system includes an identifying unit, which is set to have an identifying area corresponding to the information collecting unit for obtaining the monitoring signal so as to detect the variation thereof in the identifying area, thereby accordingly outputting a warning signal to drive the outputting device to output warning information, such that the care giver can notice the variation of the monitoring signal for coping therewith. Therefore, the problem that the care giver can not accurately and immediately realize the real situation and information of the care receiver can be solved.
A device for actively engaging a user's body and mind, thus preventing the user from falling asleep and creating a dangerous situation. The device can also alert a user when they begin to doze off.
A power topology determination system includes a management engine. A power line communication device is coupled to the management engine. A first power device is coupled to the power line communication device through a power line connection. The power line communication device is operable to retrieve first power device information from the first power device and the management engine is operable to provide the first power device information for power topology display.
An apparatus and method for discovering and monitoring a collection of nodes in a downhole network may include receiving data packets originating from several downhole nodes. These packets may be read to extract a unique identifier and hop count for each of the nodes. This information may then be used to create entries in a network topology table corresponding to each of the downhole nodes. Each entry may contain unique identifier identifying the respective node and a hop count identifying a location of the node within the downhole network. The apparatus and method may further include modifying one or more entries in the topology table having conflicting hop counts to ensure that the hop counts of each entry are unique.
A meter reading system is provided for use in reading the water, electricity or gas meters, in which a data logger and a meter are installed at user end. When desiring to obtain the readings of a meter at user end, a mobile meter reader sends a control signal via a communication method to the data logger and at the same time obtains the readout of user-end meter connected to the data logger. The meter reading system improves the situation of wrong recording of readout and saves the cost of labor in conventional manual meter reading.
A method of controlling a garage door of a garage may entail detecting an open condition of the garage door using a sensor within the garage, transmitting a garage door open signal from the sensor to a communication unit in the garage; transmitting an alert signal from the communication unit in the garage to a control module within a vehicle; determining a level of ambient light from an ambient light sensor; transmitting a signal from the ambient light sensor to the control module indicative of the level of ambient light; transmitting a door close signal from the control module to the transmitter in the vehicle; transmitting the door close signal from the transmitter in the vehicle to the communication unit in the garage; and closing the garage door with a motor upon the garage door actuation module receiving the close door signal.
In order to realize road-road communications, a roadside device is provided with an MS function unit and a BS function unit that have a termination function of a signal. In a case of performing road-road communications, any of plural roadside devices can function as a BS, and others as an MS. In a wireless communication system that only enables wireless communications between MS and BS, road-road communication can be performed. In order to realize vehicle-vehicle communication, an in-vehicle device has the BS function unit and the MS function unit having a termination function of the signal and performs the same operations as the road-road communication. In road-vehicle communication, any of the roadside devices can function as the BS, and other roadside devices and in-vehicle devices are operated as the MS.
An object detection system is provided for detecting a thermal emitting object in a blind zone proximate to a host vehicle. The system includes a thermal radiation detector located on a host vehicle and configured to sense temperature of multiple coverage zones proximate to the host vehicle. A processor processes temperature sensed by an infrared detector. The processor determines a change in thermal temperature sensed by the infrared detector and determines the presence of an object in the coverage zone based on the change in the sensed temperature. An output provides a signal indicative of an object sensed in the coverage zone based on the determined change in temperature. The thermal radiation detector may include a first infrared detector configured to measure temperature of a first coverage zone by receiving infrared radiation from the first coverage zone, and a second infrared detector configured to measure temperature of second and third coverage zones by receiving infrared radiation from the second and third coverage zones.
An image processing device for performing a process of measuring a distance to a predetermined object using an image imaged by an imaging device attached to a vehicle which moves has a movement detection unit for detecting that the vehicle moved a constant amount from a position where the imaging device imaged a first image, an image acquiring unit for acquiring the first image, and a second image serving as an image at the time of being detected that the vehicle moved a constant amount by the movement detection unit, and a measurement unit for measuring the distance to the object by a movement stereo method using the first image and second image acquired by the image acquiring unit.
a plurality of RFIDs is installed on aircraft or other structure. The RFIDs can query one another upon original installation and in response to predetermined event detection, and determine their relative locations within a mesh. The determined location data and other information are stored within the respect memories of the RFIDs. The stored data can be later accessed and used in analyzing damage or structural failure of the aircraft. Corrective measures are thus expedited because before-and-after structural comparisons can be readily made, with or without reference to original engineering data for the aircraft.
An automatic system is provided for alerting ground personnel as to the existence of a threat to commercial aircraft in which the threat is determined by a classified system, but in which the local area network employed by the military missile warning is isolated from an unclassified local network coupled to the aircraft's transponder which transmits the threat existence and status to ground personnel. The barrier to transmitting classified information involves both filtering between the classified LAN and unclassified LAN, the use of only discrete signaling lines in the classified LAN isolated by opto-electronics to provide physical separation between the two local area networks, and communications formatting which precludes the transmission of classified information across the barrier between the classified local area network and the unclassified local area network.
A method for modifying a current sound-volume value assigned by an on-board system to an acoustic alert signal emitted on board an aircraft is provided. The method includes furnishing, on board the aircraft, the on-board system with at least one information item defining a modification of the current sound-volume value to a new sound-volume value in accordance with a predetermined rule.
A primary flight display system is provided for deployment on an aircraft including a barometric altimeter and a secondary altitude-determining device. The barometric altimeter provides a first estimated altitude corresponding to a reference pressure setting, and the secondary altitude-determining device provides a second estimated altitude. The primary flight display system includes a primary flight display (PFD), and a controller coupled to the PFD. The controller is configured to generate: (i) an altitude graphic on the PFD indicative of the first estimated altitude, and (ii) a visual alert on the PFD when the difference between the first estimated altitude and the second estimated altitude exceeds a predetermined error threshold.
The specification and drawing figures describe and illustrate a system for sensing cargo loads and trailer movement that includes a mobile wireless communications system. A mobile computing platform is mounted on a remote vehicle and operatively connectable across the mobile wireless communications system. Sensor data are collected and stored in the mobile wireless communications system and the mobile computing platform, and may be transmitted across the mobile wireless communications system. At least one program is stored either in the mobile wireless communications system or the mobile computing platform, or both, for using the sensor data to determine equipment use, placement, and positioning in relation to a vehicle and sending one or more sensitivity reports to the asset manager.
A character input device and its method are disclosed. In one embodiment, the device includes: i) a base, ii) an input unit positioned at the base to allow each of first direction input and second direction input to be independently performed, the first direction input being performed by moving the input unit from a reference position to any one of a plurality of first direction indication positions spaced and arranged radially from the reference position within a predetermined input area and the second direction input being performed by selecting any one of a plurality of second direction indication positions spaced and arranged radially in the input unit itself; a first sensing unit for sensing the movement of the input unit, iii) a second sensing unit for sensing the second direction input and iv) a control unit for extracting and running a first character or a second character from a memory unit, the first character being assigned to the first direction indication position in which the movement of the input unit is sensed, and the second character being assigned to the second direction indication position in which the second direction input is sensed, thereby making it possible to minimize a necessary space for inputting characters and accurately input each character according to a user's intention.
Various embodiments provide keyboards that utilize electrically-deformable material as an actuating mechanism to provide haptic feedback to a user of the keyboard. In at least some embodiments, the electrically-deformable material is utilized to impart, to a depressed key or keyboard element, a multi-vectored movement that produces a perceived acceleration of the key or keyboard element thus providing a user with haptic feedback which simulates a snapover movement. In at least some embodiments, a light source can be mounted or otherwise positioned relatively close to and beneath the top surface of one or more keys or keyboard elements to backlight a portion or portions of a keyboard.
Systems are provided that include an input device with a plurality of keys, at least one of the plurality of keys including a biometric sensor disposed therein. The system generally executes an application, receives input from a plurality of users using the input device, determines the identity of the user submitting the input, and attributes actual contribution in the application to the identified user.
A method of encoding data into a chain reaction code includes generating a set of input symbols from input data. Subsequently, one or more non-systematic output symbols is generated from the set of input symbols, each of the one or more non-systematic output symbols being selected from an alphabet of non-systematic output symbols, and each non-systematic output symbol generated as a function of one or more of the input symbols. As a result of this encoding process, any subset of the set of input symbols is recoverable from (i) a predetermined number of non-systematic output symbols, or (ii) a combination of (a) input symbols which are not included in the subset of input symbols that are to be recovered, and (b) one or more of the non-systematic output symbols.
Techniques for reducing quantization error in electronic components are described herein.
The present invention relates to an analog-to-digital converter, especially to a pipelined analog-to-digital converter with calibration of capacitor mismatch and finite gain error. Comparing with the conventional pipelined analog-to-digital converter, the new analog-to-digital converter comprises more circuit blocks including an extra sub-converter stage, a control clock generator and an error detector, resulting in that each sub-converter stage has two operation modes: normal conversion mode and calibration mode. All of the sub-converter stages share one error detector which amplifies the output of the sub-converter stage in calibration mode. Furthermore, to store the output of the error detector, a memory is used in each sub-converter stage for controlling the gain of amplifier in order to make the error generated by the finite gain of amplifier and the error generated by the capacitance mismatch have the same size but opposite sign. As a result, the two errors can compensate each other to achieve an error-free conversion stage.
In one embodiment, an opto-electronic analog-to-digital converter is provided that includes: an optical comb generator for generating a plurality of optical comb lines; a tunable optical filter adapted to select a portion of the optical comb lines responsive to an analog signal being digitized; a diffractive media for spatially mapping the selected optical comb lines and an array of photodetectors for detecting the spatially mapped optical comb lines.
A chaff element for interfering with radar signals. The chaff element has a dielectric substrate and a pair of elongate electrically conductive elements, having a total length of approximately one-half wavelength of the radar signals or otherwise tuned to the radar signals, disposed on the dielectric substrate. A switch is arranged to electrically couple the pair of elongate elements together in response to a control signal generated by an oscillator circuit and a battery. The chaff element can be used in a method of providing a countermeasure against radar signals. A plurality of chaff elements can be deployed in an airspace above a radar unit emitting a radar signal and interfere with the radar signal by opening and closing the switches of the chaff elements while deployed in said airspace above the radar unit.
A pulse radar ranging system having a measurement channel and a reference channel is described. In the measurement channel containing an antenna and a measurement target, the normal measurement is performed by processing an echo from the target. In the reference channel containing signal delay means, a reference echo is processed to obtain temperature compensation information.
A method for obtaining weather related information for a portion of the Earth's atmosphere between a mobile platform traversing over a predetermined surface portion of the Earth, and at least one Iridium satellite from the Iridium satellite constellation. The method involves modifying at least one Iridium satellite from a constellation of Iridium satellites to include time and location information in wireless signals that are transmitted in real time by the one satellite. The mobile platform receives the wireless signals from the one Iridium satellite. An occultation system carried on the mobile platform analyzes the time and position information, in addition to location information pertaining to a real time location of the mobile platform, and to derive real time atmospheric weather related information for a geographic area between the mobile platform and the one Iridium satellite.
An electronic device comprises a location determining component such as a GPS receiver, or the like, which employs multiple antennas configured for use when the device is in various orientations.
A rover processor determines position of a rover based upon the interaction between multiple antennas located at the rover and multiple antennas located at a base. The rover antennas may include a rover master antenna having a phase center located at the centroid of the antennas patterns of at least two auxiliary rover antennas. The rover processor may determine the position of the rover master antenna based upon the relative positions of at least two rover antennas (e.g., the rover master antenna and at least one rover auxiliary antenna, or at least two rover auxiliary antennas) with respect to at least two antennas of a base transceiver.
A low cost instant Real-Time Kinematic (RTK) positioning system and method are disclosed. The system comprises at least the following elements: a base station and a rover unit, each equipped with a Satellite Positioning System (SATPS) receiver and a generally license-free radio link transceiver. Such system has the distinctive feature of having no carrier integer cycle ambiguity to solve, thus allowing low cost single frequency SATPS receivers to be used for instant centimetre level relative positioning.
A transmitting system, which is capable of transmitting a signal for positioning to an area where radio waves are hardly received, is provided. The transmitting system for transmitting the signal for positioning includes a GPS compatible mixer combining a GPS signal for positioning received by a GPS antenna and a BS broadcasting signal received by a BS antenna and outputting the combined signal, a BS-IF compatible amplifier amplifying the signal output from the GPS compatible mixer and outputting the amplified signal, a separator separating the signal output from the BS-IF compatible amplifier into a BS broadcasting signal and a GPS signal, a BS tuner receiving an input of the BS broadcasting signal output from the separator and obtaining a signal of a channel tuned by a user, a GPSBP filter passing a GPS signal included in a predetermined frequency band out of the signal output from the separator, and a GPS issuing unit.
A local charging management device manages electrical resource capability for an electronic tracking device. In one embodiment, the electronic tracking device includes a battery power monitor, a charging unit; and an electrical power resource management component. The electrical power resource management component adjusts cycle timing of one or more of control parameters for the tracking device. Control parameters include request rate of location coordinate packets to a target host and a listen rate of the location coordinate packets. The adjustment is responsive to an estimated charge level of the charging unit, velocity of the device, and user desired inputs.
A correlator for a GNSS receiver and a code generator used in the correlator as well as a correlation method are disclosed. In the GNSS, each satellite transmits a data signal and a pilot signal. The correlator is adaptable for executing correlation to the data signal, the pilot signal and various combinations thereof, such as non-coherent and coherent combinations. The code generator generates primary ranging codes of the data and pilot signals as well as various combinations thereof, such as sum or difference of the primary ranging codes of the data and pilot signals. By using the various codes, the correlator is adaptable and flexible for different correlation requirements.
A satellite signal reception device has a reception unit that receives a satellite signal transmitted from a positioning information satellite, a reception state display device for displaying the satellite signal reception state, a reception state evaluation unit that determines the reception condition of the satellite signal received by the reception unit, and a display controller that controls the reception state display device to display the reception condition determined by the reception state evaluation unit. The reception state evaluation unit determining the level of the reception condition based on the number of positioning information satellites from which satellite signals are received and the signal level of each received signal, and the display controller displaying the reception level output by the reception state evaluation unit on the reception state display device.
Location information provided by multiple positioning systems is combined to provide an estimated user location. In performing the combination, location information provided by the positioning system that is currently deemed more reliable is provided greater weight than the location information provided from the other positioning system(s). Alternatively, one of multiple positioning systems is selected to calculate an estimated user location. The selected system is the one that is currently deemed more reliable based on some indicia of reliability. Using either approach, an accurate estimate of a user's location can be provided both in rural areas or other sparsely-populated areas as well as in urban areas or other areas prone to high multipath effects.
A handheld electronic device, such as a GPS-enabled wireless communications device with an embedded camera, a GPS-enabled camera-phone or a GPS-enabled digital camera, determines whether ephemeris data needs to be obtained for geotagging digital photos taken with the device. By monitoring user activity with respect to the camera, such as activation of the camera, the device can begin pre-acquisition of a GPS position fix by obtaining needed ephemeris data before the photograph is actually taken. This GPS pre-acquisition improves the likelihood that a position fix (GPS lock) is achieved by the time the photo is taken (to enable immediate geotagging). Alternatively, the photo can be geotagged retroactively by appending the current location to the metadata tag associated with the digital photo. An optional acquisition status indicator can be displayed on a user interface of the device to indicate that a position fix is being obtained.
A system and method for multi-stage antenna training of beamforming vectors is disclosed. In one embodiment, the method comprises a method of acquiring a beamforming pattern in a wireless communication system, the method comprising receiving a first plurality of signals having different transceiver sector patterns, measuring first indicators of link quality corresponding to the first plurality of signals, selecting at least one transceiver sector pattern based on the first indicators of link quality, receiving a second plurality of signals having different transceiver beam patterns, each transceiver beam pattern associated with the selected at least one transceiver sector pattern, measuring second indicators of link quality corresponding to the second plurality of signals, and selecting at least one transceiver beam pattern based on the second measures of link quality.
A method and a corresponding device determines the speed of a moving entity carrying at least two antennas for receiving a transmission signal the antennas being displaced at a predetermined distance. In order to provide a more simple and accurate method which can be used with different transmission signals the method includes the steps of: receiving a transmission signal by the antennas, determining signal characteristics from the transmission signal as received by the determining a time offset between the reception of the transmission signal at the antennas by comparing the signal characteristics determined for the antennas, and determining the speed of the moving entity from the determined time offset, the distance of the antennas and the direction of movement of the moving entity relative to the arrangement of the antennas.
A target position is estimated in such a manner to maintain target position continuity, with high accuracy, even when the X coordinate displacement of the target is large. On a scan in which the target position is not detected, when a trajectory of the target in the past is within a predetermined region in the vicinity of the Y-axis, a position for estimate is a position having an X coordinate resulting from shifting, by a first displacement, the X coordinate estimated according to the trajectory, on a basis of the X coordinate of a previous position, while when the trajectory is not within the predetermined region, the position for estimate is a position having an X coordinate resulting from shifting, by a second displacement that is larger than the first displacement, the X coordinate estimated according to the trajectory, on a basis of the X coordinate of a previous position.
An antenna device usable in a radio apparatus including a printed board includes a ground conductor of the printed board, a first partial element, a second partial element and a parasitic element. The first partial element is shaped into an area having a first side facing a side of the ground conductor and a second side directed to cross the side of the ground conductor, and is provided with a feed portion around a first end of the first side being closer to the second side. The second partial element branches off from the first partial element around one of two ends of the second side being farther from the feed portion, and is directed almost against a direction from the feed portion to a second end of the first side being farther from the second side. The parasitic element has an end grounded around the second end.
A housing for a wireless communication device includes a decorative film, an antenna pattern formed on the decorative film, and a substrate moldingly attached to the decorative film and the antenna pattern. The antenna is made of a metal coating. The antenna pattern is sandwiched between the decorative film and the substrate.
A housing for a wireless communication device includes a decorative film having an antenna pattern formed thereon, a protective coating covering the antenna pattern, and a substrate moldingly attached to the decorative film and the protective coating. The antenna pattern is a conductive ink coating. The antenna pattern and the protective coating are sandwiched between the decorative film and the substrate.
A housing for a wireless communication device includes a substrate and an antenna pattern formed on the substrate. The antenna pattern is a conductive paint coating.
A movable portion of an array of antenna elements receives RF signals. A movable ultra-wideband (UWB) transmitter is connected to each antenna element, via a RF to UWB converter. A fixed portion of the antenna array is separated from the movable portion by an air gap. The fixed portion includes one fixed UWB receiver for each movable UWB transmitter. An application system is connected to the fixed UWB receivers. The UWB signals from the movable transmitter are sent across the air gap to the fixed UWB receivers to be processed by the application system as the movable portion rotates.
Methods, systems, and apparatuses for antenna designs for radio frequency identification (RFID) tags are described.
An antenna design, having two symmetrical phased array blade antenna elements which provide improved lateral target coverage with an increased effective radiated power and exhibits smooth null-free unidirectional antenna patterns. The direction of the unidirectional antenna pattern is dictated by a switching command under control of a user. Each blade antenna element is coupled to a 90-degree hybrid coupler and an RF switching device by a semi-rigid RF cable. Each blade antenna element is also connected to a sub-resonant choke balun for improved impedance matching and resultant distortion-less antenna patterns.
A portable wireless device in which, in various states where the user uses the portable wireless device, the correlation coefficient between antennas can be reduced, and high-speed and high-capacity communication can be ensured is provided.
The present application relates to microstrip-fed printed planar antennas and in particular to the geometry of same. More particularly an antenna is provided with a radiating or ground plane element having a generally continuous curved shape and being symmetrical about the longitudinal axis and non-symmetrical about an axis transverse to the longitudinal axis.
A phase shifter includes two or more conductive strips, an input line and a wiper coupled to both the input line and the conductive strips. Rotation of the wiper about a pivot point alters the path lengths between the input line and output ports or antenna elements connected to the conductive strips. The wiper is a multi-bladed wiper. Phase errors in multi-bladed wiper-type phase shifters are reduced. Arrangements for reduction of phase shifter size or increase in phase shift range are described.
A housing for a wireless communication device includes a substrate and an antenna circuit pattern formed on the substrate. The antenna circuit pattern is an electroplated metal coating.
An information processing apparatus includes: a main unit having a flat boxed shape; a first display device that displays contents; a connecting portion that is configured to detachably attach and fix the main unit to another apparatus; a connection interface that communicates with the another apparatus; and a controller that operates to: determine whether the main unit is fixed to the another apparatus by the connecting portion in a manner covering a second display device that is provided in the another apparatus and that the main unit is positioned in a facing state where the first display device faces a user; control, when determined that the main unit covers the second display device of the another apparatus and that the main unit is positioned in the facing state, the another apparatus through the connection interface; and control the first display device to display given contents.
An improved automobile. An exemplary automobile includes an engine, a set of wheels connected to the engine, a chassis connected to the engine, and an electrochromatic windshield connected to the chassis. The electrochromatic windshield is operable to darken and un-darken the electrochromatic windshield. A video projection system is also connected to the chassis. The video projection system is operable by a driver to project an overlay image on the electrochromatic windshield. The electrochromatic windshield can be darkened by activation of the video projection system and un-darkened by deactivation of the video projection system. The video projection system can be used to project a map onto the electrochromatic windshield. The video projection system can then be used to project a relative position of the driver's vehicle, other vehicles and obstructions on the map, as well as highlighting and tracking, via graphical markings, these objects as they enter the windshield's projection plane.
A filter for a plasma display panel (PDP) is configured to provide a white balance of the PDP viewed through the filter in a negative region of a minimum perceptible color difference (MPCD).
A liquid crystal panel unit, a display device, and a method of manufacturing the same, in which the display device includes: a display panel that includes a display region; a gate driver that applies a gate signal to the display region; a data driver that applies a data signal to the display region; a vertical synchronization signal line that transfers a vertical synchronization start signal to the gate driver; a data signal line that transfers the data signal to the data driver; and an isolation pattern that is arranged between the vertical synchronization signal line and the data signal line. The isolation pattern intercepts an electromagnetic field that is generated and prevents image degradation.
A display has light emitting elements, a first driver, a power source, and a second driver. Each light emitting element includes “n” emission layers formed one over another to form a color dot in each pixel. The first driver drives the emission layers to emit light or no light. The power source passes a current through the first driver to the light emitting element. The second driver individually weights the n emission layers and makes the emission layers emit light so that each dot may express a gradation level.
A display device according to one or more embodiments includes a display panel, a source driver part and a gate driver part. The display panel includes a first substrate and a second substrate. According to an embodiment, the first substrate includes a first side extending in a substantially straight line and having a first end and a second end, and a second side extending in a substantially round shape from the first end of the first side to the second end of the first side. A plurality of gate lines is substantially parallel with the first side. The second substrate has a shape corresponding to the first substrate. The source driver part is disposed at the first side, and the gate driver part is disposed at the second side. Thus, a display panel having various shapes besides a rectangular shape may be manufactured according to one or more embodiments.
An impulse-type driving method for a liquid crystal display (LCD) is used for driving a pixel array of an LCD panel. The method includes providing a set of impulse control signals to a source driver. The source driver, according to the set of impulse control signals, drives the pixel array. The set of impulse control signals includes a command signal. The command signal includes a field of determining data voltage polarity and a command field. According to a time sequence, the field of determining data voltage polarity provides a polarity data for determining a voltage polarity output by the source driver. The command field and the field of determining data voltage polarity are consecutively and alternatively output, in which the command field allows to add a dynamic command in accordance with a desired action.
An liquid crystal display includes a liquid crystal panel to which an image signal is applied, the liquid crystal panel including a liquid crystal molecule, and the liquid crystal display displaying an image based on the image signal by performing an active matrix driving, wherein a frequency of an image display in a one field period is higher than 60 Hz, the one field period being a time required for displaying the image, and a rising response time of the liquid crystal molecule is shorter than a hold time of the image signal in the one field.
A display apparatus and a method for displaying an image are provided. The display apparatus includes a pixel array, a polarity (POL) signal generator, and a drive circuit. The pixel array which includes a plurality of pixels is configured to display a plurality of frames of the image. The POL signal generator is configured to generate a plurality of POL signals. The drive circuit is configured to adjust the frames of the image according to the POL signals, and output the frames to the pixel array.
A liquid crystal display including a liquid crystal display panel having a display area that displays an image in response to a gate signal and a data signal, and a peripheral area including first, second, third and fourth peripheral areas surrounding the display area; a plurality of gate drivers performing a scanning operating in response to a first control signal to output the gate signal, the gate drivers being arranged in the first peripheral area; a plurality of data drivers arranged in the second peripheral area adjacent to a gate driver that last performs the scanning operating among the gate drivers; and a signal transmission line connected to a gate driver that first performs the scanning operation among the gate drivers, and routed through the third and fourth peripheral areas opposite to the first and second peripheral areas, respectively, to provide the first control signal to the gate drivers.
A display apparatus includes a backlight assembly generating a light; a sensor sensing an amount of the light and color coordinates of the light to generate sensing information; a display panel receiving the light and displaying an image in response to a gray-scale voltage; a gray-scale compensation unit receiving M-bit source data and compensating a gray-scale of the source data in response to the sensing information to generate N-bit first compensation data; and a data driver converting the first compensation data into gray-scale voltage and proving the gray-scale voltage to the display panel.
An open-loop color management system comprises an indicating means, a controller and an LED driver. The indicating means is for indicating the operation status of the LED backlight module. The controller is for generating a control signal based on the operation status by reference to a look-up table. The LED driver driving the LED backlight module based on the control signal, so the chromaticity of the LED backlight module may be substantially constant over time.
A backlight control apparatus for controlling a backlight device for a liquid crystal display (LCD), the backlight device including a plurality of light-emitting components, the backlight control apparatus including: a synchronization unit to provide a synchronization signal; an image processing module to receive a video image signal representing a video image, the image processing module being configured to divide the video image into a plurality of block areas and generate a plurality of pulse-width modulation (PWM) data signals each corresponding to one of the plurality of block areas; a control module coupled to the synchronization unit and the image processing module, the control module being configured to generate a plurality of PWM signals based on the plurality of PWM data signals and the synchronization signal; and a driving module coupled to the control module, the driving module being configured to drive the backlight device based on the plurality of PWM signals.
A back light system and a liquid crystal display device, which can reduce the power consumption substantially, are provided. The power consumption can be substantially reduced by providing a plurality of light-emitting dividing parts to which area division of the light emitting surface which illuminates with light towards a liquid crystal panel is performed, and controlling the luminescent brightness in the light-emitting dividing parts according to the corresponding display image of a display area in the liquid crystal panel.
An image display device includes at least one light source that emits light; at least one display area that changes, for each pixel, a transmittance or a reflectance of the light emitted from the light source; a panel driving circuit that drives the display area on the basis of an image signal indicating the transmittance or the reflectance for each pixel; and a light source control unit that controls a proportion of a light emission time of the light source in a period that varies within a predetermined range.
The present invention provides a liquid crystal display device having an LED drive circuit which can control a dimming control signal even with a pulse width of several tens μsec or less. The LED drive circuit includes a booster circuit, a first stage current mirror circuit generating a reference current, a second stage current mirror circuit generating a driving current from the reference current, a light-emitting diode column having a light-emitting diode supplied with the driving current, and a dimming control circuit controlling the turning on and off of the light-emitting diode based on a dimming control signal.
There is provided a method of driving an electrophoretic display device including electrophoretic elements including electrophoretic particles that is arranged between one pair of substrates, a display unit formed of a plurality of pixels each including a pixel electrode, a pixel switching element, a memory circuit that is connected between the pixel electrode and the pixel switching element, and a switching circuit that is connected between the pixel electrode and the memory circuit, and first and second control lines that are connected to the switching circuit. The method includes extracting a length of the boundary between pixel data of a first gray scale level and pixel data of a second gray scale level from image data transmitted to the display unit as a characteristic amount, determining whether an operation mode of an image displaying operation is to be switched based on the characteristic amount, and switching the operation mode based on the result of the determination acquired in the determining on whether an operation mode is to be switched.
An electrophoretic display device includes a pair of substrates, a pixel, a first electrode being formed on one of the substrates for the pixel, a second electrode being formed on the other of the substrates, and an electrophoretic element which is held between the first electrode and the second electrode. The pixel includes a pixel switching element which is connected to a scan line and a data line, a memory circuit which is connected to the pixel switching element, and a switch circuit which is interposed between the memory circuit and the first electrode. The memory circuit is connected with a first power source line and a second power source line, and the switch circuit is connected with a first control line and a second control line. The first power source line and the second power source line cross each other at a first position of the pixel, and the first control line and the second control line cross each other at a second position of the pixel.
An index wheel having notations adopted on an electronic device to be freely rotated to generate signal command output includes at least an inner axis layer and an operation layer encasing the inner axis layer in a coaxial manner and movable together at the same time. The operation layer is made from a ceramic material and formed integrally by molding and sintering. The operation layer also has a graphic notation zone on the surface that contains desired graphics or texts. Thus the profile of the index wheel is more versatile and provides a greater appeal to users.
A character input device is disclosed. In one embodiment, the device includes i) a base including an input region, ii) two input units disposed in the input region, wherein each of the input units is disposed to perform direction inputs of more than two steps that selects any one of a plurality of direction instruction locations that are radially spaced apart from each other from each of reference locations within the input region in each of the direction instruction locations, iii) a direction input detecting unit detecting whether the direction inputs and a multiple input are performed and iv) a controller discriminating and inputting a first character that is redundantly allocated at the corresponding direction instruction location according to the direction instruction location in which the direction inputs are performed and whether the multiple input is performed. The character input device having the construction described above includes two sets of input units that input more than one phoneme at an operation, thereby doubling input quantity and simultaneously inputting a character quickly and accurately.
The present invention provides a computer cursor control system comprising a touchpad device and a cursor control program. The cursor control program displays a virtual pointer on a screen according to a finger's touch on the touchpad device and simultaneously moves a computer and the virtual pointer according to the finger's movement on the touch pad device. Finally, the compute cursor is moved to the virtual pointer's position responding to a switch signal generated by the touchpad device.
A system for enabling interaction with a computer system is provided which is configured to receive, at the computer system, identity and movement data from a sensing device used to interact with a text field on a surface, determine information stored by the computer system which is associated with the identified text field, cause the computer system to perform an action associated with the determined information based on the received movement data, determine, at the computer system, a layout defining an arrangement of coded data indicative of the identity and information, and generate, at the computer system, print data indicative of the identity, layout and information. The sensing device senses coded data which encodes an identity of the text field and generates the identity data with the sensed identity and the movement data with movement of the sensing device by determining an orientation and position of the sensed coded data.
Described herein is an apparatus that includes a curved display surface that has an interior and an exterior. The curved display surface is configured to display images thereon. The apparatus also includes an emitter that emits light through the interior of the curved display surface. A detector component analyzes light reflected from the curved display surface to detect a position on the curved display surface where a first member is in physical contact with the exterior of the curved display surface.
In at least some embodiments, a computer system includes a processor. The computer system also includes a light source. The light source provides a structured light pattern. The computer system also includes a camera coupled to the processor. The camera captures images of the structured light pattern. The processor receives images of the structured light pattern from the camera and identifies a user gesture based on distortions to the structured light pattern.
In a number of embodiments, a computer input device includes: (a) an outer casing having; (1) a first surface; (2) a second surface; and (3) a cavity between the first surface and the second surface; (b) at least one button at the first surface; (c) a mechanism configured to detect movement of the outer casing and located at the second surface; and (d) a dip. In these embodiments, the mechanism and the at least one button are at least partially located within the cavity. Other embodiments are disclosed in the application.
The present invention provides a method for reducing power consumption of a wireless mouse. At least two sets of mouse moving data are combined into a single packet to be transmitted to a wireless signal receiver. In the wireless signal receiver side, the single packet is divided into the at least two sets of mouse moving data. Since the frequency of transmitting these mouse moving data is reduced, the power consumption of operating the wireless mouse is reduced.
The invention relates to a method for enabling a user to edit a text on a screen comprising the steps of: defining the text into at least one block, enabling the at least one block to be selected by the user, associating at least one function with the at least one block, and presenting the at least one block selected by a user and its associated function to the user on the screen upon selection of the at least one block.
A method, apparatus and computer-usable medium for implementing a virtual keyboard for use with small input devices. A circular keyboard can be graphically displayed, in response to a user input by a user via a small input device. A circular and centrally located key can be graphically located and displayed within the center of the circular keyboard, wherein character keys radiate outward from the centrally located key (i.e., the “central key”). Character keys that are most commonly utilized by the user are preferably located closed to the circular and centrally located key within the circular keyboard. Character keys least commonly utilized by the user are preferably located at the edges of the keyboard, thereby permitting the circular keyboard to function as a self-adapting virtual keyboard for use with small input devices based on the usage of the keyboard by the user.
A flexible user input system, comprising a computing system having a display device and a flexible user input device with a touch screen display member, the flexible user input device configured to concurrently display at least two user input interface representations.
An apparatus including: a display including an array of picture elements which are configurable to provide information to a user; a first sensor for sensing force applied to the display by the user, the first sensor comprising a substantially transparent conductive member extending over at least a portion of the array of picture elements and configured to be deformable by the user, the first sensor being configured to provide an output associated with the deformation of the conductive member.
The use of multiple stimulation frequencies and phases is disclosed to detect touch events on a touch sensor panel in a low-power state. Simultaneously during every frame, a number of rows of the touch sensor panel can be driven with a positive phase of one or more stimulation signals, and the same number of different rows can be driven with the anti-phase of those same stimulation signals. Because the same number of rows are stimulated with the in-phase and anti-phase components of the one or more stimulation signals, the resulting charges injected into a given column cancel each other out. However, a touch event will create an imbalance, and a non-zero charge will be detected. The detection of the touch event can then trigger the system to wake up, activate a panel processor, and perform a full panel scan, where the location of the touch event can be identified.
A method for providing a user interface (UI) and a multimedia apparatus using the same in which, if a multipoint stroke in which at least two strokes are concurrently input is detected on the touch screen, the touch screen performs a function corresponding to the multipoint stroke. A user can touch the touch screen to perform functions of various types using such a multipoint stroke.
To provide a display input device including: a display controller for displaying a control frame on a display portion; a touch input detector for detecting a touch input to the touch panel portion; and a setup item displaying portion for superimposing setup items on the control frame in accordance with the position of the touch input while the touch input is being detected by the touch input detector.
A display device and method of sensing an input point using magnetic fluid the display device including: a touch panel part to receive a user input through a touch at an input point and to calculate a coordinate value of the input point; an electromagnet arrangement part comprising a plurality of electromagnets to generate a magnetic force on one or more electromagnets in a portion corresponding to the coordinate value; and a magnetic fluid part to obtain magnetism at the portion corresponding to the coordinate vale and to project in accordance with the generated magnetic force.
In a touch panel, a rear electrode provided at a rear end of an upper conductive layer is extended so as to surround the circumference of an upper substrate. Derivation sections for applying a voltage are formed at both ends of the rear electrode.
An electronic device includes a touch surface that can be physically engaged by a user. The touch surface is operably connected to an actuator arm which, in turn, is connected to an actuator array. Drive electronics sense a user's movement relative to the touch surface and, responsively, drive the actuator array effective to move the actuator arm and, in turn, provide haptic feedback to the user through the touch surface.
The invention concerns an image capture and haptic input device. The device comprises at least one image sensor and haptic input means. The invention is characterized in that the image sensor is surrounded by the haptic input means. The latter can comprise discrete touch sensors distributed in a circle around the image sensor or in a matrix at the center of which the image sensor is positioned. The device can also comprise rows of touch sensors positioned offset from each other so that the touch sensors are staggered. In that case, the device comprises several image sensors positioned in interstices between the touch sensors. Instead of discrete touch sensors, the device can comprise a deformable sensitive membrane in the center of which an image sensor is positioned.
A touch screen display includes a display device, a resistive touch-sensitive overlay disposed on the display device and including a pair of touch-sensor layers separated by a gap, a resistive touch screen controller connected to each of the pair of touch-sensor layers for determining a position of a touch event on the touch-sensitive overlay and a capacitive controller connected to an outer one of the pair of touch-sensor layers for receiving input for determining changes resulting from capacitive coupling with the outer one of the pair of touch-sensor layers.
The present invention provides A control device for determining 4-wire or 5-wire resistive touch screen, comprising: detecting means for respectively sending 4-wire control instruction and 5-wire control instruction in the period before sending control instructions of fetching X-axis and Y-axis coordinate position, so as to detect whether a 4-wire resistive touch screen or 5-wire resistive touch screen are being attached; control means, in accordance with the detected result of the detecting means, the control device is switched to 4-wire or 5-wire resistive touch screen so as to fetch the coordinate position.
An analog touch panel device capable of utilizing a two-point touch on a touch panel as meaningful information input and a user interface device employing the analog touch panel device are provided. A decision is made as to whether two points are touched or not on a touch panel TP having resistive films which have electrode terminals at opposite end portions each and are superimposed top and bottom in such a manner that the electrode terminals become orthogonal, in which the top and bottom resistive films are brought into contact with each other by a push of a resistive film surface by touch input. The decision is made according to resistance values between the opposite terminals, and when a decision is made that the two points are touched, the distance between the two points touched is detected according to the resistance values between the opposite terminals.
A light-based touch screen, including a housing for a display screen, a plurality of infra-red light emitting diodes (LEDs), fastened on the housing, for generating light beams, at least one LED selector, fastened on the housing and connected with the plurality of LEDs, for controllably selecting and deselecting one or more of the plurality of LEDs, a plurality of photodiode (PD) receivers, fastened on the housing, for measuring light intensity, at least one PD selector, fastened on the housing and connected with the plurality of PD receivers, for controllably selecting and deselecting one or more of the plurality of PD receivers, an optical assembly, fastened on the housing, for projecting light beams emitted by the plurality of LEDs in substantially parallel planes over the housing, and a controller, fastened on the housing and coupled with the plurality of PD receivers, (i) for controlling the at least one LED selector, (ii) for controlling the at least one PD selector, and (iii) for determining therefrom position and velocity of an object crossing at least one of the substantially parallel planes, based on output currents of the plurality of PD receivers.
A system and process for ensuring the smooth flow of electronic ink is described. Dynamic rendering is give priority over other event handlers. Priority may be the use of one or more queues to order when events occur and may be performing dynamic rendering prior to other steps.
A source driving circuit is provided. The source driving circuit includes a plurality of source drivers, first switches, and second switches. Each transmission line of each source driver is coupled to the first switch and the second switch. In a first period, the first switches are turned on, and the source drivers generate a first driving signal to drive pixels in odd columns of a display panel through the transmission lines and the first switches. In a second period, the second switches are turned on, and the source drivers generate a second driving signal to drive pixels in even columns of the display panel through the transmission lines and the second switches. Therefore, the problem of the prior art that each transmission line of the source driver drives pixels in only one column of the display panel is improved and the hardware cost is greatly decreased.
In the case where one horizontal period becomes shorter as a high frame rate drive of 120 Hz or higher is introduced or the resolution is increased, the time for the writing in of a voltage to the holding capacitor of pixels cannot be sufficiently secured.
An exemplary data driving circuit includes a data register, a counter, and a comparator. The data register is configured for receiving serial gray level signals in turn, and outputting the plurality of gray level signals in parallel. The counter is configured for outputting counting signals. The comparator is configured for receiving the gray level signals and the counting signals, and outputting pulse voltage signals according to the gray level signals and the counting signals. A variety of duty ratios of the pulse voltage signals correspond to a variety of gray levels.
In an exemplary flat display apparatus and control circuit and method for controlling the flat display apparatus, the flat display apparatus includes a plurality of gate driving units, each of which controls the operation of a scan line in the flat display apparatus. The flat display apparatus provides a first gate high level voltage signal and a second gate high level voltage signal to the gate driving units such that the first and second gate high level voltage signals are used as voltage signals transmitted to corresponding scan lines. The first and second gate high level voltage signals respectively include a falling edge with a slope. Duration time of the falling edge of the first gate high level voltage signal is longer than that of the falling edge of the second gate high level voltage signal.
An electrophoretic display device has a display unit including a plurality of pixels in which electrophoretic elements including electrophoretic particles are interposed between a pair of substrates, each pixel including a pixel electrode, a pixel switching element, a memory circuit connected between the pixel electrode and the pixel switching element, and a switch circuit connected between the pixel electrode and the memory circuit, and first and second control lines connected to the switch circuits. When a ratio of first-gray-scale pixel data in image data displayed on the display unit is 50% or more of the image data, an image display action is performed which includes: an image signal input period in which the pixel data is input as an image signal to the memory circuit of each pixel; a first image display period in which all the pixels are set to a first gray scale by inputting control signals having the same potential to the first and second control lines; and a second image display period in which a second-gray-scale image is displayed by inputting a potential to one control line of the first and second control lines connected to the pixel electrode of the pixel to which the image signal corresponding to a second gray scale other than the first gray scale is input and electrically disconnecting the other control line.
In a plasma display panel, errors in a digital image signal due to over-current are prevented from being generated. A method of driving the plasma display panel is performed in a plasma display panel driving block constituted by a high power element and a low power element and includes determining the start point of high current generation in the high power element; stopping the signal transmission of the low power element; determining the end point of the high current generation in the high power element; and resuming the signal transmission of the low power element.
A liquid crystal display (LCD) driving apparatus and the method thereof is disclosed. The method receives a pixel and drives a pixel of the LCD according to the pixel value in a frame period, wherein the frame period is divided into a precharge field and a compensation field. Firstly, a precharge pixel value is decided according to the pixel and a reference value. A compensation pixel value is decided according to the precharge pixel. Next, a precharge driving voltage is determined according to the precharge pixel value. Afterwards, a compensation driving voltage is determined according to the compensation pixel value. Finally, the pixel is driven according to the precharge driving voltage and the compensation driving voltage respectively during the precharge field and the compensation field.
A procedure for texturing an object of a virtual three-dimensional geometric model represented by three-dimensional geometric model data comprised of a three-dimensional object data associated with the object. Facet data is created out of three-dimensional geometric model data representing object surfaces of an object and which will be assigned 3D object data. Texture data is created representing a surface texture of the object surfaces of each object and which is assigned facet data. The three-dimensional object data, facet data and texture data are used to create a textured, three-dimensional representation of the object.
At least one embodiment of the present invention relates to a method and an apparatus for visualizing 3D image data from tomographic imaging modalities using a rendering technique in which every pixel is calculated by integrating or summing along respectively one ray through a volume surrounded by the 3D image data. In the method, a peeling function is additionally introduced into the integration or summation, by which, in the integration or summation, the 3D image data on the respective ray only contributes with its full data value to reducing the optical transparency beyond a prescribable value of an optical skin depth. The peeling function is selected such that, in a transition region before the prescribable value of the optical skin depth is reached, the 3D image data on the ray still contributes to reducing the optical transparency with a fraction of its full data value such that there is a smooth profile, generated by the peeling function, when an outer layer is peeled off. The method and the associated apparatus make it possible to avoid image artifacts such as pixel flickering during volume visualization.
Methods and systems for improving resource utilization when remoting three dimensional graphics commands that are generated by an application executing on a local computing machine. An agent that executes on a local computing machine intercepts a first call to a drawing library. The application generates this first call to request information from the drawing library. The agent further transmits a first frame that is generated by the application, to a remote computing machine, and prevents a return of the first call to the requesting application until the agent receives a notification indicating either the first frame was transmitted to the remote computing device or the first frame was rendered. Upon receiving such a notification, the agent permits the return of the first call to the requesting application.
Methods and systems for providing three dimensional graphics to remote computing machines and appliances that include an agent executing on a local computing machine to intercept a plurality of graphics commands generated by a three dimensional application executing on a local computing machine. A first portion of the plurality of graphics commands are encoded by the agent using a first codec, while a second portion of the plurality of graphics commands are encoded by the agent using a second codec. The agent creates a frame comprising the first portion and the second portion of the plurality of graphics commands, compresses the frame, and transmits the frame to a remote computing machine.
Methods and systems for detecting a dirty region within a frame encompassing three dimensional graphics and three dimensional graphics primitives. The methods and systems include executing an application on a local computing machine, the application generating three dimensional graphics, and issuing at least one function call. An agent also executes on the local computing machine to intercept the issued function call; identify, in response to intercepting the function call, at least one location within a frame that contains three dimensional graphics commands generated by the application, where the identified location corresponding to a drawing region; determine a change in a portion of the three dimensional graphics commands associated with the identified location; and extract the changed portion. The agent may also identify a plurality of locations and a plurality of changed three dimensional graphics commands at those locations.
Methods and system for computing a hash from a three dimensional data set loaded into a three dimensional resource, these methods and systems first determining that an application, executing in a distributed computing environment, locked a three dimensional resource. A identification of a first three dimensional data set loaded into the three dimensional resource by the application is then made. The first three dimensional data set can have a size that is determined in part by a transaction carried out by the application. The performance of an operation on the three dimensional resource by the application is then detected, a first hash is computed on the loaded first set of three dimensional data using a hash function, and the first hash is stored in a repository. Prior to computing the first hash, a portion of the first three dimensional data set can be eliminated, where the portion of the three dimensional data set results from a repetitious transaction.
Methods and systems for rendering three dimensional graphical data by intercepting a three dimensional graphics stream comprising three dimensional graphics commands generated by an application executing on a first computing machine, and then analyzing the characteristics associated with a remoting system to determine a location for rendering three dimensional data from the three dimensional graphics commands. The remoting system may comprise at least the first computing machine having a graphics rendering component, a second computing machine having a graphics rendering component and a network. Based on the analysis, a rendering location is determined and the application is induced to reinitialize a context for determining where to render three dimensional data. The three dimensional data is then rendered from the three dimensional graphics commands at the rendering location.
Graphics processing units (GPUs) are used, for example, to process data related to three-dimensional objects or scenes and to render the three-dimensional data onto a two-dimensional display screen. One embodiment, among others, of a GPU is disclosed herein, wherein the GPU includes a control device configured to receive vertex, geometry and pixel data. The GPU further includes a plurality of execution units connected in parallel, each execution unit configured to perform a plurality of graphics shading functions on the vertex, geometry and pixel data. The control device is further configured to allocate a portion of the vertex, geometry and pixel data to each execution unit in a manner to substantially balance the load among the execution units.
Some embodiments provide a method of performing several shading operations for a graphic object in a scene that is displayed on a device. The device includes several processing units. The method receives a set of criteria that can define a set of parameters that relate to the shading operations. The method determines an allocation of the shading operations to the processing units based on the received criteria. The method allocates the shading operations to the processing units based on the determined allocations. The method renders the graphic object based on several instructions that comprise the shading operations. In some embodiments, the set of criteria is received during execution of the operations.
Methods, systems, devices, and computer program code (software) products enable acceleration of ray tracing by using acceleration data structures with high arity to enable processing of nodes using streaming SIMD (Single Instruction, Multiple Data) instructions with reduced memory requirements.
In an image processing apparatus, when an output image generator generates an output image in which an individual image of each part of a product model is arranged around a parts assembly image of the entire product model with a specific part highlighted, a boundary information calculator calculates boundary information for each part highlighted. An individual image arrangement calculator obtains a center position of the highlighted part on the parts assembly image based on the boundary information, obtains a straight line dividing the parts assembly image to equally distribute the parts into respective areas, and calculates a position of arrangement of the individual image of each part corresponding to the highlighted part distributed in each of the areas. The output image generated by the output image generator includes a leading line extending from the individual image of each part to the corresponding part on the parts assembly image.
An image processing apparatus includes a high-resolution processing unit configured to restore, with respect to an image desired to be displayed, a frequency band higher than a frequency band of the recorded image, using one of one electronically recorded image and a plurality of electronically recorded images obtained by continuous shooting. The image processing apparatus further includes a local region designation unit configured to designate a region of the image desired to be displayed where the resolution is increased, and an estimation display unit configured to display, as a finish estimation image after high-resolution processing is applied to the image desired to be displayed, the result of the high-resolution processing applied to a local region, designated by the local region designation unit, by the high-resolution processing unit.
An example method for coordinate system identification that includes obtaining an attribute and a spatial entity of a region and identifying a number of information repositories using a business rule, the business rule identified using the attribute. The method further includes accessing the number of information repositories to identify a number of coordinate systems, each of the number of coordinate systems defined for the spatial entity. The method further includes selecting one of the number of coordinate systems, transforming spatial data for the region based on the one of the number of coordinate systems to generate a map, and displaying the map including the spatial data.
In accordance with an operation content indicated by a user's operation data, an amount of scrolling is calculated, and a display range of a table to be displayed on a display apparatus is moved in the table in accordance with the amount of the scrolling. With respect to respective drawing areas, whether or not drawing start points, from which drawing character strings are to be drawn, stay within the display range is determined. When the drawing start point of a drawing area, among the drawing areas, falls outside the display range, the drawing start point of the drawing area is changed to a position which is in the drawing area and also which stays within the display range. The character strings are arranged in the respective drawing areas from the drawing start points set to the respective drawing areas, and the table in the display range is displayed on the display apparatus together with the arranged character strings.
One aspect of the invention relates to techniques for increasing the displayable font size while retaining a wide text line of information on small information displays. In one embodiment, the inventive technique leverages the wider diagonal (in device dimensions) for text viewing and combine this form of display with a horizontal (in text dimensions) scrolling feature i.e. scrolling text along the diagonal of the device's display. Vertical context (in text dimensions) is maintained by adding a constant-offset look-ahead and look-back line above the primary diagonal focus area. Another embodiment bends the text along two edges of the display area to leverage the fact that the lengths of the two sides are even longer than the length of the screen diagonal. In both configurations, one can retain a large font size without sacrificing the number of characters displayed per line.
An apparatus and method of generating personal fonts is provided, which can modify a trace of handwriting inputted by a user into an elegant one and generate diverse personal fonts in accordance with user's style of handwriting. The apparatus for generating personal fonts includes a character input unit to receive an input of a character trace from a user, a character recognition unit to recognize a representative character corresponding to an input character from the input character trace, a representative trace generation unit to generate a representative trace expressing a trace of the representative character, and a trace modification unit to modify the trace of the input character by combining a weight value of the generated representative trace with the trace of the input character.
A system for controlling a rendering engine by using specialized commands. The commands are used to generate a production, such as a television show, at an end-user's computer that executes the rendering engine. In one embodiment, the commands are sent over a network, such as the Internet, to achieve broadcasts of video programs at very high compression and efficiency. Commands for setting and moving camera viewpoints, animating characters, and defining or controlling scenes and sounds are described. At a fine level of control math models and coordinate systems can be used make specifications. At a coarse level of control the command language approaches the text format traditionally used in television or movie scripts. Simple names for objects within a scene are used to identify items, directions and paths. Commands are further simplified by having the rendering engine use defaults when specifications are left out. For example, when a camera direction is not specified, the system assumes that the viewpoint is to be the current action area. The system provides a hierarchy of detail levels. Movement commands can be defaulted or specified. Synchronized speech can be specified as digital audio or as text which is used to synthesize the speech.
A medical support control system that can control a medical device, comprising: a plurality of video interface cards that are detachable from the medical support control system and that are used for the medical support control system for converting, when a video signal is input from an external environment, the video signal input from the external environment into a common signal and vice versa, said common signal being different from any video signals input into and output from the plurality of video interface cards and said common signal being commonly used in the medical support control system, and for detecting a change in an information amount of the input video signal; and a switching control card for determining, when it is determined that the video signal was switched on the basis of the detection result, an output path for the common signal obtained by the conversion on the video signal.
Method, apparatuses, and systems are presented for processing a sequence of images for display using a display device involving operating a plurality of graphics devices, including at least one first graphics device that processes certain ones of the sequence of images, including a first image, and at least one second graphics device that processes certain other ones of the sequence of images, including a second image, delaying processing of the second image by the at least one second graphics device, by a specified duration, relative to processing of the first image by the at least one first graphics device, to stagger pixel data output for the first image and pixel data output for the second image, and selectively providing output from the at least one first graphics device and the at least one second graphics device to the display device.
Graphics processing units (GPUs) are used, for example, to process data related to three-dimensional objects or scenes and to render the three-dimensional data onto a two-dimensional display screen. One embodiment, among others, of a unified cache system used in a GPU comprises a data storage device and a storage device controller. The data storage device is configured to store graphics data processed by or to be processed by one or more shader units. The storage device controller is placed in communication with the data storage device. The storage device controller is configured to dynamically control a storage allocation of the graphics data within the data storage device.
A number of pixels are received at a pixel rate that corresponds to a lower data transfer rate. The received pixels are delivered for display on a display device, over an interface that operates at a higher data transfer rate. These pixels are delivered as part of a stream that includes one or more codes that have been inserted between each adjacent pair of pixels so that the pixels in the stream are still delivered at the pixel rate. Other embodiments are also described and claimed.
The present invention provides a display device including an image content list holding section holding a list of a plurality of image contents, an image content obtaining section obtaining one or more image contents from the image content list held in the image content list holding section, a display screen creating section creating a display section including the one or more image contents obtained by the image content obtaining section, and a user selection request detecting section detecting a selection request from a user for an image content included in the display screen.
Techniques for automatically adding special effects to an image to be overlaid on a low-contrast background are presented. A stroke or an intervening layer of a color contrasting with the background color is automatically added to provide a contrasting color around the edges of visible image content in an image container of an electronic document. The technique may be applied to entire libraries of images to generate variant images that are visually perceptible when displayed or printed on low-contrast background colors.
A table is allocated indexes corresponding to display positions on a monitor screen, respectively, and data indicating an unexposed part at each of the display positions is stored in each index of the table. Focal position information is acquired from Exit header information on image data of an image, and a location of one of the indexes in the table at which no image data is registered is searched in an ascending order of the indexes. According to the table, the images are arranged so that the focal position of each image differs from the unexposed part at the display position of the image.
A disclosed system (and method) is configured to receive an instruction to transition from a first view to a second view. The first view and the second view include two or more visual elements. The system receives data corresponding to visual elements in the first view and visual elements in the second view. The system groups the visual elements to include visual elements moved out between the first view and the second view, visual elements retained from the first view in the second view, and visual elements moved into the second view. The system retrieves a system defined transition style for rendering the visual elements between the first view and the second view. Using the groupings the system transitions the first view to render the second view through application of the transition style on the groups of visual elements.
An image warping method is disclosed, and comprises: providing a source polygon; providing a warping relationship; dividing the source polygon into a plurality of source triangles; sequentially performing a warping step on the source triangles one by one to generate a plurality of warped triangles; and combining the warped triangles to generate a warped polygon.
A method for displaying images on a curved display surface is described herein. The method includes receiving a graphical object and distorting the graphical object at run-time such that an appearance of the graphical object on the curved display surface will be substantially similar regardless of a position of the graphical object on the curved display surface when viewed at a viewing axis that is approximately orthogonal to a plane that is tangential to the curved display surface at a center of the graphical object. The method may further include displaying the graphical object on the curved display surface.
An image scaling method is disclosed. In the image scaling method, at first dividing an original image into a plurality of original image columns, wherein each of the original image columns comprises original pixel rows. Thereafter respectively performing a scaling step on the original image columns, thereby generating scaled image columns. Then combining each of the scaled image columns. In the scaling step, writing some of the original pixel rows into a buffer, wherein the buffer is first in first out (FIFO) buffer. Thereafter performing an interpolation on the data stored in the buffer to generate first scaled pixel rows. Then sequentially writing the other original pixel rows into the buffer, and performing the interpolation on the data stored in the buffer after each one of the other original pixel rows is written into the buffer, thereby generating second pixel rows. Thereafter combining the first and second pixel rows.
Described is a technique for viewing a document page on a small display such as a mobile phone or PDA. The page can come from a scanned document (bitmap image) or an electronic document (text and graphics data plus metadata). The page with text and graphics is segmented into regions. For each region, a scale-distortion function is constructed based on image analysis. During interactive viewing of the document, as the user navigates by moving the viewport around the page, the zoom factor will be automatically adjusted by optimizing the scale-distortion functions of the regions in the viewport.
The invention provides a driving method of a semiconductor display device in which generation of a pseudo contour can be suppressed while the operating frequency of a driver circuit is suppressed. Furthermore, the invention provides a driving method of a semiconductor display device in which generation of a pseudo contour can be suppressed while the decrease in image quality is suppressed. In a semiconductor display device including a plurality of pixels, tables each storing data for determining a subframe period for light emission among a plurality of subframe periods are provided for a plurality of arbitrary pixels among the plurality of pixels respectively. The table is stored in a memory.
An image display apparatus includes a light-source driving circuit that drives a light source to cyclically change brightness. A control unit controls a pixel to turn on and off over a plurality of subfields in a field so that transmittance or reflectance in the pixel over the plurality of subfields in the field corresponds to a gray level specified for the pixel. The control unit also arranges the plurality of subfields such that two or more gray-level defining subfields maintain a predetermined relationship with respect to the cyclical change in brightness of the light source caused by drive of a light-source driving circuit.
Disclosed is a laser projector to display an image having a predetermined number of gradations by a combination of n division gradations, each being set with a maximum luminance, comprising: a storage section to store a luminance value of each of the gradations, and division signals being associated with each other, each of the division signals corresponding to an intensity of each of the division gradations, and the division gradations being combined with each other to represent the luminance value; a determination section to determine the division signal of each of the division gradations corresponding to the luminance value of each pixel which constitutes the image; and a signal output section to divide a display period of the each pixel into n intervals, and to sequentially output the division signal of each of the division gradations to a light source in a predetermined order, in each of the intervals.
A display driving device for driving a plurality of display pixels provided with a light emitting element which performs color display, is provided with a signal converter which is supplied a display data including a plurality of color components corresponding to the plurality of display pixels and corresponds to a predetermined number of two or more display pixels having the light emitting elements of different light emission colors from each other, based on a single conversion characteristic, different gamma correction curves corresponding to the color component, which corresponds to the light emission color of each of the light emitting elements in the predetermined number of display pixels, are generated, the color component of the display data is converted with the use of each of the gamma correction curves, and a gradation signal for driving the light emitting element in each of the display pixels is generated.
A liquid crystal display (LCD) and a driving method thereof are provided. The driving method includes the steps of: transmitting video data to the LCD according to a first frequency, and processing the video data according to a first gamma look-up table to obtain a bright region image; transmitting the video data to the LCD according to the first frequency, and processing the video data according to a second gamma look-up table to obtain a dark region image; and stacking the bright region image and the dark region image in sequence so as to display an image displayed on an LCD panel of the LCD.
A tachograph for a motor vehicle comprises a guide element for guiding a paper strip in relation to a printing group. The guide element requires no pretensioning means and is connected to the printing group via a carrier. As a result, the paper strip is reliably aligned in relation to the printing couple.
In a tachograph for a motor vehicle having a holder for a paper strip, which is wound onto a paper roll, and a printing unit, means for prestressing the paper strip against a stop are provided. This reliably keeps the paper strip in an envisaged position with respect to the printing unit. A printout produced by the printing unit is thus oriented on the paper strip with respect to a zero line.
A coloring material recording device comprises a plurality of image recording elements and a control unit. The plurality of image recording elements record with a plurality of coloring materials on a recording medium and form an image, and one of the plurality of image recording elements is provided for each of the coloring materials. The control unit controls the plurality of image recording elements such that detection images of at least two coloring materials of the plurality of coloring materials overlap each other on the recording medium.
A liquid storing device includes a storage unit that stores a liquid to be consumed and a rotation member inside the storage unit that rotates around a rotation axis. A blade member is installed to the rotation member to be movable in the axis direction of the rotation axis with respect to the rotation member and has a specific gravity smaller than that of the liquid. A detection member detects the blade member when the blade member is located vertically at a detection position. When the rotation member rotates in one direction, the blade member agitates the liquid while moving toward the lower side of a liquid surface of the liquid in the vertical direction along the axis direction in accordance with rotation of the rotation member. When the rotation member stops rotating, the blade member floats toward the liquid surface due to buoyancy of the liquid.
Provided are a droplet emitting apparatus and a method of emitting droplets using the same. The apparatus includes a solution tank for containing a solution; a nozzle including an opening through which at least a droplet of the solution is emitted; and a voltage generator including a piezoelectric material for generating a voltage by instantaneous pressure application, wherein the voltage generated by the pressure to the piezoelectric material is applied to the solution in order for the at least a droplet of the solution to be emitted through the nozzle
A nozzle missing determining device that determines a nozzle missing state of a liquid ejecting apparatus, the nozzle missing determining device determines whether all the nozzles having predetermined positional relationship are non-ejection nozzles based on a test result data, the predetermined positional relationship includes positional relationship of nozzles of which dots that are formed by a same type of liquid are next to each other in accordance with the determined record mode.
A recording apparatus for recording an image on a recording medium by scanning the recording medium with a recording head for discharging ink includes a thinning unit configured to thin data for discharging ink by the recording head on a plurality of areas formed by dividing scanning regions including at least a first scanning region and a second scanning region to be recorded each by one scan of the recording head in the scan direction, and a recording head drive unit configured to discharge ink by driving the recording head based on data which has been thinned by the thinning unit, wherein a boundary between the areas in the first scanning region is located in a different position from that of a boundary between areas in the second scanning region, which is adjacent to the first scanning region, in the scan direction.
A head unit includes: a first nozzle group which has a plurality of nozzles ejecting liquid droplets onto a medium to form an image; a second nozzle group which has a plurality of nozzles which do not eject liquid droplets onto the medium, while the nozzles of the first nozzle group eject the liquid droplets onto the medium to form the image; and a controller which determines whether to eject the liquid droplets from each of the nozzles of the first nozzle group on the basis of data individually corresponding to the nozzles of the first nozzle group and which commonly determines whether to eject the liquid droplets from the nozzles of the second nozzle group on the basis of data commonly corresponding to the nozzles of the second nozzle group.
A disclosed image forming apparatus includes a carriage on which a recording head is mounted that has a nozzle array where plural nozzles for ejecting droplets are arranged, the carriage being configured to be moved in a direction orthogonal to a nozzle arrangement direction; a transport belt facing the recording head and configured to transport a sheet; a print pattern forming unit configured to form a print pattern on the transport belt by causing at least the nozzles at opposing ends of the nozzle array to eject the droplets onto the transport belt while stopping the carriage; a reading unit configured to read the print pattern; a measuring unit configured to measure print positions of plural points of the print pattern in a direction orthogonal to the nozzle arrangement direction; and a detecting unit configured to detect an inclination of the recording head.
A droplet discharge device includes a droplet discharge head; a plurality of carriages that have the droplet discharge head and are arranged in an array; and an arrangement changing unit changing an order of the plurality of carriages in the array. In the device, the droplet discharge device discharges a liquid body to a workpiece while the droplet discharge device scans relatively to the workpiece.
The present invention relates to a liquid ejecting apparatus including: a movable head provided with a plurality of nozzles for ejecting a liquid; a carry unit for carrying a medium in a predetermined carrying direction; and a sensor for detecting an edge of the medium, the liquid ejecting apparatus controlling ejection of the liquid from the plurality of nozzles in accordance with a result of the detection of the sensor. In this liquid ejecting apparatus, the position, in the carrying direction, of the sensor is at the same position of or on an upstream side of a nozzle located most upstream in the carrying direction, of among the plurality of nozzles. In this way, it is possible to arrange the sensor for detecting the edge of the paper at the most suitable position, and to suppress waste of ink that is ejected from the nozzles.
A recording apparatus includes a moving unit that can be moved in predetermined directions including a transport direction of a recording medium, a first recording processing unit that is mounted on the moving unit and performs a first recording process in which a first process solution is used for the recording medium, a second recording processing unit that is mounted on the moving unit together with the first recording processing unit and performs a second recording process, in which a second process solution that is different from the first process solution is used, for a recording processing area of the recording medium for which the first recording process is performed by the first recording processing unit, and a control unit that controls the moving unit, the first recording processing unit, and the second recording processing unit.
A method of priming a fluid-dispensing head includes heating a fluid in fluid pathways of the fluid-dispensing head prior to fluid-dispensing operations to increase a surface area of gas bubbles in the fluid pathways. A fluid-dispensing head includes a plenum configured to house fluid; at least one dispensing head orifice in fluid communication with the ink plenum; and at least one heating element configured to heat fluid in the head such that gas bubbles disposed within the fluid increase in surface area.
A container assembly includes a container including an inside and an outside, the container being sealed to isolate an environment inside the container from an environment outside the container. An electronic device is disposed inside the container. The electronic device includes an internal cavity, the internal cavity including a liquid. A predetermined mass of desiccant material is disposed inside the container. An air path exists between the desiccant material and the liquid in the internal cavity of the electronic device. The predetermined mass of desiccant material and the liquid maintain a humidity level of the environment inside the container within a desired range.
A recording apparatus includes: a plurality of recording heads each of which includes an ejection surface; a head frame; at least one annular protrusion; a support tray; and a moving device. One or more positioning pins are provided in an inner area of the support tray that is enclosed with the annular protrusion, the positioning pins extending in a direction perpendicular to a flat surface which includes a contact portion of the annular protrusion that is come into contact with the head frame, and the head frame has one or more positioning holes into which the positioning pins are insertable in the contact state of the annular protrusion.
A liquid droplet ejecting apparatus includes a liquid droplet ejecting head that includes nozzles that eject liquid droplets in accordance with image information, a nozzle surface thereof being inclined so as to correspond to a peripheral surface of a rotating member; and a wiping member that wipes and cleans the nozzle surface that has been moistened by liquid that has been exuded from the nozzles of the liquid droplet ejecting head, and whose wiping direction is a direction from a downstream side to an upstream side of a direction in which the liquid that has been exuded from the nozzles flows along the nozzle surface due to the force of gravity.
A liquid delivering apparatus including: a liquid ejecting head having an ejection surface; a maintenance unit including a roller, a sheet member having a liquid receiving section; a sheet-member moving mechanism configured to move the sheet member; and a wiper configured to wipe the ejection surface while moving in a first direction; and a maintenance-unit moving mechanism configured to move the maintenance unit between a maintenance position and a retracted position; a maintenance-unit controller configured to control the maintenance-unit moving mechanism to move the maintenance unit; and a sheet-member-movement controller configured to control the sheet-member moving mechanism to move the liquid receiving section between a receive position and a non-receive position at the maintenance position, wherein, when the maintenance unit is located at the maintenance position, the liquid receiving section is moved from the receive position to the non-receive position without being covered with the sheet member per se while the wiper wipes the liquid ejection region.
Provided is a waste liquid processing device including: a waste liquid tank collecting a liquid cured by irradiation of energy rays as a waste liquid; an irradiation portion irradiating curing energy rays to a liquid level of the waste liquid contained in the waste liquid tank; and an external applying portion applying external force to at least one of the waste liquid tank and the contained waste liquid.
A liquid discharging apparatus according to a first aspect of the invention includes a liquid discharging head configured to discharge liquid from nozzles in a discharged material transported in a first direction; a carriage configured to mount the liquid discharging head and reciprocate in a second direction which intersects the first direction; and a carriage moving unit configured to reciprocate the carriage, and the carriage moving unit includes a first drive unit and a second drive unit operating independently from each other, and a first supporting portion of the first drive unit with respect to the carriage and a second supporting portion of the second driving unit with respect to the carriage are located at positions displaced in the first direction.
A method for arranging print head chips, includes: (a) setting a first fiducial mark and a second fiducial mark on a PCB for determining coordinate positions of a plurality of array units that are arranged on the PCB and calculating a print range of the array units, wherein each array unit has a plurality of spots that are transversely arranged from the first one of the spots to the last one of the spots in sequence; (b) setting a third fiducial mark as a start point for arranging the first spot of a first array unit of the array units on the PCB; and (c) arranging other array units on the PCB in sequence according to the coordinate positions and the start point.
A liquid body discharge device includes: a head; and a plurality of nozzles provided to the head. In the device, a liquid body is discharged from the plurality of nozzles to a liquid body discharged region of a substrate by moving one of the substrate and the head, and the nozzles are aligned in a first alignment direction and a second alignment direction.
An ink jet print head is provided which is highly reliable in recovering its performance by removing bubbles accumulated in the ink paths to reliably prevent print quality degradations in bi-directional printing. In the ink ejection member having an odd number of arrayed ink supply ports to supply ink to the ejection openings, the ink colors of the ink supply ports are arranged laterally symmetrically and a plurality of ink tanks are arranged side by side so that the direction of array of the ink supply ports is perpendicular to the direction of array of the ink tanks.
Disclosed is an apparatus for jetting droplets using a super-hydrophobic nozzle, including a body having a chamber formed in the body to receive a predetermined amount of fluid containing liquid and particles and a nozzle formed in the side face of the body while communicating with the chamber to jet the fluid, and an actuator for generating an electric field for jetting the fluid through the nozzle, the side face of the body being of super-hydrophobic, and the actuator including an electrode located in the chamber or the nozzle or deposited on the wall surface thereof, an electrode plate spaced apart from the side face of the body at a predetermined distance with a jetting hole at a position corresponding to the nozzle, a power supply portion for applying voltage between the electrode and the electrode plate, and a control portion for controlling the power supply portion, thereby effectively realizing the initial formation of the meniscus of the fluid upon jetting through the super-hydrophobic nozzle, and increasing stability and efficiency of the jetting even upon repeated jetting.
An inkjet drop ejection apparatus comprises a chamber with a plurality of nozzles, the plurality of nozzles being grouped in pairs, and a plurality of actuators, each of the plurality of actuators being associated with a pair of nozzles and operable to cause ink to be ejected from either one of the pair of associated nozzles. Each of the plurality of the actuators is provided midway between its associated pair of nozzles, and each of the plurality of actuators is adapted to simultaneously move towards one nozzle of the pair and away from the other nozzle of the pair, whereby ejection of ink through the nozzle towards which the actuator is moving is effected.
An ink jetting structure includes a substrate that has a first surface and a second surface. A heater chip is mounted to the second surface of the substrate, and includes a first set of electrical contacts. A printhead circuit member has a third surface, a fourth surface, and an opening configured to receive the heater chip with the first set of electrical contacts of the heater chip being exposed through the opening. The third surface is mounted to the second surface of the substrate. The fourth surface has a second set of electrical contacts attached by wire bonds to the first set of electrical contacts. The third surface has a third set of electrical contacts electrically coupled to the second set of electrical contacts, and electrically connected to a flexible cable for coupling to corresponding contacts on a printer.
The present invention provides a liquid droplet ejection head that ejects droplets of high viscosity ink. A liquid droplet of an electrically conductive liquid in the liquid droplet ejection head is ejected from the head, which is provided with difference in potential between the head and an opposing medium, toward the medium. Electricity is conducted between the head and the medium through a tail of the liquid droplet.
The present invention relates to a droplet jetting apparatus using electrostatic force, a manufacturing method thereof and an ink providing method thereof. The droplet jetting apparatus using electrostatic force includes a lower electrode unit in which a nozzle and a lower electrode positioned in the nozzle equipped in the upper part of a first substrate, and an ink inflow channel equipped in the lower part of the first substrate are integrally formed; an upper electrode unit having an upper electrode formed on the top surface of a second substrate and an ink discharge hole formed by being penetrated to the upper electrode from the bottom surface of the second substrate; and a bonding layer for bonding the lower electrode unit and the upper electrode unit with each other so that the nozzle is vertically aligned with the ink discharge hole. According to this configuration, the ink used in the droplet jetting apparatus is easy to select, the electrostatic force can be efficiently concentrated and manufacturing processes of the droplet jetting apparatus can be simplified.
A driving circuit that drives a capacitive load includes a drive signal generator that generates a drive signal that drives the capacitive load via a transistor pair in response to an analog signal. A power-source voltage generator generates high-voltage and low-voltage power-source voltages and supplies the power-source voltages to collectors of the transistors via a high-voltage output terminal and a low-voltage output terminal. The power-source voltage generator includes multiple power sources connected in parallel and a switch unit that connects the adjacent power sources in series each time the drive signal rises above or falls below a predetermined threshold value. The driving circuit further includes a voltage controlling capacitor connected to the low-voltage output terminal of the power source, and a power recovery unit having a switch unit that recovers a charge accumulated in the voltage controlling capacitor back to the power source via the high-voltage output terminal.
Disclosed is a liquid ejection head that includes a flow path member having provided therein plural liquid chambers respectively in communication with plural nozzles that eject a liquid droplet and are arranged side by side; a vibration plate member that forms at least a part of wall surfaces of the liquid chambers; plural piezoelectric element columns that deform the vibration plate member at positions corresponding to the liquid chambers; a supporting column that corresponds to a partition wall sandwiched between the liquid chambers; and a base member on which the plural piezoelectric element columns and the supporting column are arranged. The supporting column is arranged so as to be sandwiched between a group of two or more of the consecutive piezoelectric element columns in a nozzle arrangement direction.
An inkjet head comprises a plurality of individual electrodes each of which includes a first part and a second part connected to an end portion B of the first part. The end portion B is one of the end portions of a first part in a longitudinal direction of a pressure chamber. The second part of each of the individual electrodes corresponding to a first pressure chamber line is positioned between two first parts corresponding to two respective pressure chambers neighboring each other in a second pressure chamber line, so that an end portion C of the second part crosses over a line connecting each end portion D of the two first parts.
A liquid transfer device of the present invention includes a passage unit, an energy supplier, and a supporter. In the passage unit, a common liquid chamber and a plurality of individual passages branching off from the common liquid chamber are formed. Such a passage unit includes a plurality of plates which are laminated on one another and include a first plate having a hole constituting the common liquid chamber and a second plate. The energy supplier supplies, to liquid in the individual passages, energy for transferring the liquid. The supporter projects inwardly from a side wall defining the hole formed on the first plate, and is continuous from one end to the other end of the common liquid chamber in a laminating direction of the plates so as to support the second plate in the laminating direction.
A universal inkjet cartridge usable in an inkjet printer the inkjet cartridge having an inkjet tank, the inkjet tank storing ink and having an upper surface and a lower surface is disclosed. Mounted on the lower surface are configurable color identification tabs and mounted on the upper surface are printer identification fins, the configurable color identification tabs are configured to allow the universal inkjet cartridge to be used in multiple inkjet cartridge locations within the inkjet printer identified by the printer identification fins.
A liquid container includes a housing having a supply port leading out liquid contained in the housing, a spring member configured to generate a negative pressure, a flexible member joined to the housing to form a liquid chamber, a plate member disposed between the flexible film and the spring member, a lid member configured to cover the flexible member and secured to the housing, and a rib member movably disposed in a space surrounded by the lid member and the flexible member and configured to regulate the shape of the flexible member and the position of the plate member.
An ink jet recording device, comprises: a main body equipped with an ink container which accumulate ink, an ink supply pump which supplies the ink, an ink recovery pump which recovers the ink, and a control unit; a printing head equipped with a nozzle which jets the ink supplied from the main body as ink particles, an electrification electrode which electrifies the ink particles, a deflection electrode which deflects the electrified ink particles, and a gutter which collects ink particles which are not used for printing; and a cable in which an ink supply flow path for supplying the ink from the main body to the printing head, an ink recovery flow path for returning the ink particles collected by the gutter into the ink container, an exhaust circulation path which connects the ink container and the gutter, and various signal lines for connecting the control unit and the printing head, are arranged. The gutter comprises two members of an ink flow path block in which ink flows, and exhaust flow path block in which exhaust solvent vapor flows.
A fluid discharging apparatus includes: nozzles configured to discharge fluid to a medium; a rotating member having a holding area configured to hold the medium and a non-holding area formed with an opening on a peripheral surface thereof and configured to rotate with the peripheral surface opposed to the nozzles; and a collecting mechanism configured to collect the fluid which does not adhere to the medium, the collecting mechanism including a suction unit configured to suck the fluid through the opening into the rotating member and a storage unit configured to store the fluid sucked into the rotating member.
An inkjet recording apparatus includes: an ink ejection head having ink ejection openings; a conveyance mechanism which is disposed below the ink ejection head and conveys a recording medium facing the ink ejection openings; a recording medium feeder which is disposed below the conveyance mechanism, is capable of stocking therein a recording medium, and feeds a recording medium to the conveyance mechanism; a refeeder which is partially disposed below the recording medium feeder and which refeeds, to the conveyance mechanism, a recording medium having conveyed by the conveyance mechanism; and an ink reservoir which is disposed below the refeeder and reserves therein ink to be fed to the ink ejection head.
An inkjet recording apparatus includes: one or more inkjet heads each having an ejection surface having a plurality of ejection openings formed thereon; and a conveyor mechanism which has a facing region facing the one or more ejection surfaces, and conveys a recording medium placed on the facing region. The inkjet recording apparatus further includes one or more moving mechanisms. Each of the one or more moving mechanisms includes a medium pusher which pushes down a recording medium towards the facing region. The each of the one or more moving mechanisms causes the medium pusher to move between a first position and a second position. The first position is such a position where a distance between the medium pusher and the facing region is further than the distance between the facing region and the ejection surfaces. The second position is such a position where the medium pusher contacts the facing region.
There is provided a method for controlling a line head including a focusing optical system, first light emitters, light from which being focused by the focusing optical system, second light emitters disposed next to the first light emitters in a first direction, light from the second light emitters being focused by the focusing optical system, and third light emitters disposed next to the second light emitters in the first direction, light from the third light emitters being focused by the focusing optical system. The method includes turning on the first light emitters at time t0, turning on the second light emitters after a period t1 has passed since the time t0, and turning on the third light emitters after a period t2 has passed since the time t0. The periods t1 and t2 are controlled under the following condition: t2≠n×t1 (n is an integer two or greater).
Methods and apparatus for an interactive automated receptionist system according to various aspects of the present invention may operate in conjunction with a computer system configured to connect to a network. The computer system may control a user interface that responds an individual seeking assistance. The computer system may interactively prompt the individual to make a selection from a set of available assistance options. The computer system may receive a request from the individual to communicate with a party, and the computer system may accommodate the individual's selections, such as by establishing a communicative link between the individual and the selected party.
A method to generate a video image of a patient at a first location and simultaneously transmit the video image to a video conferencing system at a second location remote from the first location.
A file generation apparatus comprises three-dimensional data acquisition means for obtaining a three-dimensional data set comprising distance data representing a three-dimensional shape of a subject, data conversion means for generating a converted three-dimensional data set by arranging the distance data according to distance, and generation means for identifying the distance data at a boundary in the case where the converted three-dimensional data set is divided at predetermined distance intervals and for generating a three-dimensional data file storing the converted three-dimensional data set and storage location information representing a storage location of the identified distance data in the file.
Provided is a stereoscopic image system. The stereoscopic image system includes a display device radiating linearly polarized light, glasses including left and right oculars each including a first polarizer disposed between the display device and the eyes of a user, a second polarizer disposed between the first polarizer and the eyes of the user, and a polarization plane rotator disposed between the first polarizer and the second polarizer, and a quarter wave plate disposed between the display device and the first polarizer. Accordingly, even when the glasses are rotated around a normal line to surfaces of the left and right oculars, a change in the brightness of a stereoscopic image can be reduced.
A system for identifying audience members and sequencing audience participation, the system includes: a computing device with logic and storage devices electrically connected audience member control panels, audience identification devices, and a moderator or speaker user interface; wherein the audience control panels are configured for individual audience members to make requests; wherein the computing device: receives the audience member requests and position identifiers and places them in a sequential list in the order received; records position identifiers for the audience members in the sequential list; sends the sequential list to the moderator or speaker; retrieves audience member seat coordinates in response to the recorded position identifiers; calculates actuation commands to control the audience identification devices; actuates the audience identification devices to highlight or focus on an audience member; and activates a microphone located in the vicinity of the recognized audience member, while disabling additional audience member microphones.
A medical device, comprising: a plurality of video interface cards are used for the medical support control system for converting, when a video signal is input from an external environment, a video signal input from the external environment into a common signal and vice versa, said common signal being different from any video signals input into and output from the video interface cards and said common signal being used commonly in the medical support control system; a switching control card for selecting, from among the video interface cards, a video interface card as an output destination in accordance with an instruction given from an external environment; and a plurality of video processing cards are used for the medical support control system for processing the common signal into a video signal appropriate to the selected video interface card on the basis of a video signal expressed by the common signal.
A method for controlling a monitoring camera, and which includes generating a mask image using a first mask color, synthesizing the mask image on a specific region of a camera image captured by the monitoring camera, detecting a brightness value of the camera image, determining a second mask color corresponding to the detected brightness value of the camera image, and changing the first mask color of the mask image synthesized on the camera image to the determined second mask color.
Systems, apparatuses, and techniques for video delivery can include one or more of the following: a wireless camera arranged in a wearable form factor comprising a battery to provide energy, and configured to generate a video feed, and a base station in wireless communication with the wireless camera and configured to receive the video feed from the wireless camera and process the video feed, and a video portal device communicatively coupled with the base station and configured to receive the processed video feed from the base station and deliver at least a portion of the processed video feed to one or more remote clients. A base station can reserve a wireless channel for the wireless camera for a video transmission.
A system, method, and program product is provided that configures video handlers pertaining to a dependent individual. Configuring includes setting alert thresholds. Visual locations are configured. Visual images that pertain to caregivers of the dependent individual are configured. Video streams are received from video sources. Video streams are compared to configured locations to classify the dependent individual's location. Video stream is analyzed to determine whether the dependent individual is alone or with others. If with others, a list of known persons is determined by comparing the video streams with the configured visual images. The configured video handlers are initiated based on the inputs of the location and the people present with the dependent individual. Video handlers trigger alerts when thresholds are reached. Alerts include performing actions to protect the dependent individual from harm.
An apparatus for verifying subjects includes: a camera for photographing a plurality of subjects; a subject detector for detecting subject images of each of the subjects from the pieces of image information photographed by the camera; a subject tracking unit for tracking each of the subjects based on the movement of the subject images corresponding to each of the subjects and for forming tracking information of each of the subjects; a tracking information storage for storing the tracking information of each of the subjects; a subject selector for selecting a subject to be verified from the plurality of subjects based on the tracking information; a verification unit for verifying the selected subject; and a notification unit for notifying the verified result.
An image processing apparatus and method for providing image evaluation information is provided. The image processing apparatus includes: an encoder to encode an external image signal input from an image sensor to generate encoded image data; an evaluation unit to evaluate the image data based on analysis information associated with the external image signal to generate evaluation information; and an interface unit to externally transmit the evaluation information associated with the image data.
The invention relates to a skin substitute for investigating the behavior of cosmetic and pharmaceutical compositions to be applied topically, where the skin substitute is a three-dimensionally crosslinked polyacrylamide matrix and water and at least one polypeptide is bonded in
A system enables secure, safe remote access and control of stand-alone medical imaging systems whilst maintaining physical separation and independence from the medical imaging systems, to prevent medical system infection by a software virus and data corruption. A system provides remote control and interaction with a medical imaging system and includes a transmitter. The transmitter wirelessly transmits command signals via a first secure communication link to a receiver unit coupled to a medical imaging system. The command signals enable control of the medical imaging system from a remote location. At least one computer receives video data from a camera located near the medical imaging system and monitors medical images and associated data presented on a display of the medical imaging system in response to command signals wirelessly communicated to the receiver unit. A monitor presents the received video data to a user. Also a user interface enables a user to provide commands for controlling the medical imaging system via the command signals from the remote location.
A system for controlling a rendering engine by using specialized commands. The commands are used to generate a production, such as a television show, at an end-user's computer that executes the rendering engine. In one embodiment, the commands are sent over a network, such as the Internet, to achieve broadcasts of video programs at very high compression and efficiency. Commands for setting and moving camera viewpoints, animating characters, and defining or controlling scenes and sounds are described. At a fine level of control math models and coordinate systems can be used make specifications. At a coarse level of control the command language approaches the text format traditionally used in television or movie scripts. Simple names for objects within a scene are used to identify items, directions and paths. Commands are further simplified by having the rendering engine use defaults when specifications are left out. For example, when a camera direction is not specified, the system assumes that the viewpoint is to be the current action area. The system provides a hierarchy of detail levels. Movement commands can be defaulted or specified. Synchronized speech can be specified as digital audio or as text which is used to synthesize the speech.
An optical apparatus having a recording mode that is switchable between motion picture recording and still picture recording includes an optical element, a motor that includes a rotor having a magnet, and a stator having a coil configured to provide a rotational force to the magnet, the motor being configured to drive the optical element, a position sensor configured to detect a position of the rotor of the motor, and a driving circuit configured to select, in accordance with the recording mode, first driving configured to switch an electrization to the coil in the motor in accordance with a determined time interval, or second driving configured to switch an electrization to the coil in the motor in accordance with an output of the position senor.
An individuation adjustment device of a camera includes an initialization module, an image capturing module, a common-difference setting module, a reproducing module, a selection module, and a storage module. The initialization module is configured for initializing a primary parameter value of the camera. The common-difference setting module is configured for determining a common-difference value. The reproducing module is configured for reproducing a plurality of images having different parameter values relative to each other. The parameter values are calculated according to the primary parameter value and the common-difference value. The selection module is configured for selecting one of the images according to the agreement of the user. The storage module is configured for storing the image selected by the selection module. User can select an image having all kinds of individual parameter according to the requirement of the user utilizing the individuation adjustment apparatus.
Provided are a photographing profile learning apparatus and method of a digital imaging device for recording a personal life history. The photographing profile learning method learns a user's photographing patterns by recommending at least one previous picture consistent with a user's photographing tendencies, using a recommendation function and a user profile based on a user feedback value and a compensation value, receiving user feedback regarding the recommended previous picture, and updating the user profile and the recommendation function according to the user feedback. Therefore, since photographing settings are performed according to a user's tendency and conditions, it is possible to maintain consistency between a currently photographed picture and previously photographed pictures and systematically produce a visual diary.
It is an object to provide an image pickup apparatus capable of changing over the operation mode between a magnification observation mode and a high-speed photographing mode without increasing the fabrication cost. An image processing apparatus includes a mode selection part which selects one of a magnification observation mode and a high-speed photographing mode, a frame-rate conversion part which performs processing for decreasing the frame rate of images created by image pickup, a volatile memory into which image data having a high frame rate from an image pickup part are written during recording operations in the high-speed photographing mode, a moving-image readout part which reads out image data from the volatile memory in reading out image data in the high-speed photographing mode, an image processing part which performs processing for adjusting luminance levels on image data subjected to the frame-rate conversion to create display data and, also, performs processing for adjusting luminance levels on image data read out from the volatile memory by the moving-image readout part, and a changeover part which connects the frame-rate conversion part or the moving-image readout part to the image processing part.
An image recording device includes: a reference clock generation generating a reference clock; a first compression unit generating first compressed image data by compressing a first picture that is included in pictures in the captured image and that is equivalent to image captured at the first frame rate; a second compression unit generating second compressed image data by compressing a second picture that is included in the pictures in the captured image except the first picture; a first timestamp generation unit generating a first timestamp indicating a time for presentation of the first picture with reference to the reference clock; a second timestamp generation unit generating a second timestamp indicating a time for presentation of the second picture with reference to the reference clock; a first assignment unit assigning the first timestamp to the first compressed image data; a second assignment unit assigning the second timestamp to the second compressed image data; and a recording unit recording, to the recording medium, (i) the first compressed image data assigned with the first timestamp and (ii) the second compressed image data assigned with the second timestamp.
Methods and systems for detecting and correcting chromatic aberration and purple fringing are disclosed. Chromatic aberration can be addressed by separating an image into color planes and then adjusting these to reduce chromatic aberration by using a specific calibration image (calibration chart) as an empirical method to calibrate the image acquisition device. Purple fringing can be corrected by initially addressing color aberration resulting from the lateral chromatic aberration (LCA). The LCA is first removed and then the correction is extended to purple fringing. A discovery is relied upon that the purple fringing is created in the direction of the chromatic aberration and is more pronounced in the direction of the chromatic aberration.
A method and device for detecting a potential defect in an image comprises acquiring a digital image at a time; storing image acquisition data, wherein the image acquisition data includes at least one of a position of a source of light relative to a lens, a distance from the source of light to the lens, a focal length of the lens, a distance from a point on a digital image acquisition device to a subject, an amount of ambient light, or flash intensity; determining dynamic anthropometric data, wherein the dynamic anthropometric data includes one or more dynamically changing human body measurements, of one or more humans represented in the image, captured at the time; and determining a course of corrective action based, at least in part, on the image acquisition data and the dynamic anthropometric data.
An image processing apparatus and method for providing image evaluation information is provided. The image processing apparatus includes: an encoder to encode an external image signal input from an image sensor to generate encoded image data; an evaluation factor collecting unit to collect evaluation factor information associated with evaluating of the external image signal; and an interface unit to externally transmit the collected evaluation factor information.
A digital imaging device such as a digital camera or a video camera may include the capability to store audio files. These audio files may be generated under user control when the user wishes to take a picture or capture video. The audio files may be played back as attention grabbers to attract the attention of the imaging subjects. After attracting the attention of the subjects by playing back a recorded audio sound, an image may be automatically captured.
An imaging device includes first and second photon sensors respectively capture arrival times and locations of individual photons on first and second image planes, while optionally capturing photon colors. A stereoptic distance finder identifies source distance of image elements common to both image planes, while a processor correlates the identified source distances to photons within the image elements. A memory stores the arrival times and locations, the color, and the identified source distances. An orientation sensor captures photon sensor orientation in six degrees of freedom. An image processor selects a time span, identifies photons captured within the time span, defines an image field, divides the image field into virtual pixels, and aggregates the colors of photons arriving within each virtual pixel within the time frame, to determine a color and intensity of the virtual pixel. The image processor also aggregates the virtual pixels to generate an image file.
A digital camera includes an imaging unit for generating image data, an emission unit for emitting a flash, a face detection unit for detecting face information in the image data, and an emission amount control unit for controlling the emission amount of a flash. A plurality of time points is set in a period from the time when generation of image data is started to the time when a flash is emitted, each as a time point where a detection result of the face detection unit is supplied to the emission control unit. The emission amount for the flash is obtained by selectively referring to the plurality of detection results and performing one of a plurality of arithmetic operations selected based on the referenced detection result.
A vision-based augmented reality system using an invisible marker indicates an invisible marker on a target object to be tracked, such that it can rapidly and correctly track the target object by detecting the invisible marker. The augmented reality system includes a target object including an infrared marker drawn by an invisible infrared light-emitting material; a visible-ray camera for capturing an image of the TO; an infrared-ray camera for capturing an image of the IM included in the TO image; an optical axis converter for allowing the infrared-ray camera and the visible-ray camera to have the same viewing point; an image processing system for rendering a prepared virtual image to the TO image to generate a new image.
A data processing apparatus includes a zoom circuit for displaying and a zoom circuit for recording. The zoom circuit for displaying performs a zoom process using a least square method or linear interpolation on image data from a YUV conversion circuit so as to create display image data. On an LCD monitor, an image based on the display image data thus created is displayed. Furthermore, the zoom circuit for recording performs a zoom process using spline interpolation or linear interpolation on image data from the YUV conversion circuit so as to create recording image data. The zoom process for recording is executed in parallel with the zoom process for displaying. The recording image data thus created is recorded in a recording medium.
Methods and apparatuses providing pixel-wise noise correction using pixels to provide reference values during pixel readout operations.
Methods, systems and apparatuses for correcting the sensitivity of pixel signals, the pixel signal correction values being determined based on an elliptical hyperbolic cosine function. The function may further be a rotated elliptical hyperbolic cosine function or a polynomial derived from the rotated elliptical hyperbolic cosine function. Using these functions to represent the correction values in memory allows for on-chip storage of the means to determine the correction values.
A chromatic aberration of magnification is corrected by performing a coordinate transformation with respect to image data including chromatic aberration of magnification, which is obtained from a fisheye optical system, based on
where x and y represents coordinates of a transformation destination with a center of a screen as an origin, X and Y represents coordinates of a transformation source with the center of the screen as an origin, and a and b are coordinate transformation coefficients.
A solid-state image capturing apparatus includes: an insulation substrate including an external lead terminal; a solid-state image capturing element fixed on the insulation substrate and including a microlens; and a transparent glass member positioned above the insulation substrate for sealing the solid-state image capturing element fixed on the insulation substrate, and an electrode of the solid-state image capturing element and the external lead terminal of the insulation substrate being connected by a wire, wherein the transparent glass member is positioned in such a manner that a hollow space is formed between a microlens of the solid-state image capturing element and the transparent glass member, and wherein portions of the insulation film, the solid-state image capturing element and the wire, which are exposed in the hollow space, are all covered with a protective film.
An image processing device includes an initialization module, an optical black detection module, a calculation module, an image capturing module, a gain-value acquiring module, a gain adjusting module, and a pixel value adjusting module. The calculation module is configured for calculating the gain-coefficient. The image capturing module is configured for capturing an image of an object and acquiring the pixel value of each pixel of the image. The gain-value acquiring module is configured for acquiring a gain value according to the pixel values of the image. The gain adjusting module is configured for multiplying the gain value by the gain-coefficient to obtain an adjusted-gain value. The pixel value adjusting module is configured for multiplying the pixel values by the adjusted-gain value to adjust the pixel values.
A method for capturing an image using an image capturing module with multiple pixels configured in a 2-dimensional matrix and a focal plane electronic shutter function which sequentially slides the exposure timing by constant interval by pixel group which is a unit of predetermined number of the pixels while scanning; the method includes an image data input process for detecting shutter operation, obtaining a reference image while skipping one or more of the pixel groups by sequentially sliding the exposure timing by the constant interval, and obtaining a target image while not skipping pixel groups to be captured, a motion data detection process for calculating the motion data of the target image based on the reference image, and a distortion compensation process for compensating for distortion in the target image according to the motion data.
A pixel cell has controlled photosensor anti-blooming leakage by having dual pinned voltage regions, one of which is used to set the anti-blooming characteristics of the photosensor. Additional exemplary embodiments also employ an anti-blooming transistor in conjunction with the dual pinned photosensor. Other exemplary embodiments provide a pixel with two pinned voltage regions and two anti-blooming transistors. Methods of fabricating the exemplary pixel cells are also disclosed.
The present invention relates to improved imaging devices having high dynamic range and to monitoring and automatic control systems incorporating the improved imaging devices.
A solid-state image pickup element includes: a semiconductor layer of a first conductivity type; a pixel area having pixels formed in a matrix form, each of the pixels including a photoelectric conversion element having a pn junction formed of the semiconductor layer of the first conductivity type and a first semiconductor region of a second conductivity type, a second semiconductor region of the first conductivity type formed on a first surface side of the semiconductor layer, and potential control wiring connected electrically to the second semiconductor region; and a pixel signal readout circuit including at least one MOS transistor formed on the first surface side of the semiconductor layer in the pixel area to have a source and a drain formed of an impurity region of the second conductivity type. Incidence of light to the photoelectric conversion element is made from a second surface side opposite to the first surface side.
An image sensing apparatus includes a pixel array including a light-shielded area where light-shielded pixels are arranged, and an effective area where non-light-shielded pixels are arranged. Each of the light-shielded pixels includes a first photoelectric conversion unit, a first charge-voltage converter which converts charges generated in the first photoelectric conversion unit into a voltage, and a first amplification transistor functioning as a MOS transistor which receives, at the gate, the voltage converted by the first charge-voltage converter. Each of the non-light-shielded pixels includes a second photoelectric conversion unit, a second charge-voltage converter which converts charges generated in the second photoelectric conversion unit into a voltage, and a second amplification transistor functioning as a MOS transistor which receives, at the gate, the voltage converted by the second charge-voltage converter. The gate capacitance of the first amplification transistor is larger than that of the second amplification transistor.
An image sensor includes a pixel array having vertical signal lines, each interconnected to one of columns of the pixel array, and a column processor including a unit readout circuit provided for each of sets of a predetermined number of columns. The unit readout circuit includes input switches, each connected to a corresponding one of the vertical signal lines and being sequentially turned on and off, an input capacitor having one end commonly connected to the input switches, a reference switch for selectively providing a reference voltage to the input capacitor, an operational amplifier connected to the other end of the input capacitor, a reset switch for selectively providing a short-circuit between input and output ends of the operational amplifier, and a feedback circuit provided for each of the columns and including a feedback switch and a feedback capacitor connected in series between the two ends of the operational amplifier.
A plural line CMOS sensor array device is provided with sensor cells arranged in a matrix of coordinate-wise rows and columns. Each cell comprises a photosensitive area, an output node, and a transfer gate for selectively interconnecting the photosensitive area and the output node. Along at least a first coordinate direction adjacent cells are functionally configured as mutually mirror-symmetric structures in that their proximate output nodes are facing each other and are arranged for separately feeding a respective output channel.
Preferably, also in a second coordinate direction adjacent cells are functionally configured as mutually mirror-symmetric structures in that their proximate output nodes are facing each other and all such facing output nodes are separately feeding a respective column-directed output channel.
In an XY address type solid-state imager apparatus comprising a solid-state imager having a plurality of pixels two-dimensionally arranged, and horizontal and vertical scanning circuits to read signals of the pixels, the scanning circuits each have a progressive scanning circuit to progressively read pixel signals by a first scanning control signal, and an interlace scanning circuit to read pixel signals with an interlaced manner by a second scanning control signal different from the first scanning control signal, and arbitrarily carries out combining of progressive reading and interlace reading in one frame in accordance with a combination of the respective scanning control signals, and reads pixel signals.
An image pickup apparatus includes: an image pickup lens section; an image pickup device obtaining image pickup data on the basis of light detected; a microlens array section arranged on a focal plane of the image pickup lens section, and including a plurality of microlenses, each of the microlenses being provided corresponding to a plurality of image pickup pixels of the image pickup device; and a light-condensing section configured of a plurality of light-condensing elements, each of the light-condensing elements condensing light entering into each of the image pickup pixels of the image pickup device, wherein on the image pickup device, in a pixel region corresponding to each microlens, the pitch between the light-condensing elements is smaller than the pixel size, and in a boundary region between pixel regions corresponding to microlenses, respectively, the pitch between the light-condensing elements is larger than the pixel size.
An imaging apparatus includes: a control unit configured to move a focusing lens, and detect a focus position; wherein the control unit executes auto-focus (AF) scan processing in which only a part of a range of movement of the focusing lens is set as a scan range, as first scan processing, and executes auto-focus (AF) scan processing in which a region including a region differing from the scan region of the first scan processing is set as a scan range, as second scan processing, in the event that a focus point is not detected in the first scan processing.
An image pickup apparatus includes: an image pickup lens section having an aperture stop; an image pickup device obtaining image pickup data on the basis of light detected; and a microlens array section arranged on a focal plane of the image pickup lens section, and including a plurality of microlenses, each of the microlenses being provided corresponding to a plurality of image pickup pixels of the image pickup device, wherein the following formula (1) is satisfied:
An image-capturing module and a manufacturing method thereof are provided. The image-capturing module includes a circuit board, an electric element, a lens set and a carrier. The circuit board has at least a locking hole. The electric element is disposed on the circuit board. The carrier is disposed on the circuit board for carrying the lens set. The carrier has at least a hook locking at the locking hole of the circuit board.
A method for viewer based control of video display aspect ratios, the method includes: applying an initial video display aspect ratio to a selected signal source; determining if the selected signal source has a viewer assigned video display aspect ratio; modifying the initial video display aspect ratio of the selected signal source in response to the viewer assigned video display aspect ratio; wherein the viewer assigned video display aspect ratio is a subset of one or more of the viewer assigned video display aspect ratios that are stored in a non-volatile memory medium; wherein the one or more viewer assigned video display aspect ratios are each individually associated with a signal source; and wherein a viewer assigned video display aspect ratio is retrieved from the non-volatile memory medium in response to the selection of an associated signal source.
A system and method for determining the characteristics of a device coupled to a client device are disclosed. A method, according to one embodiment, includes driving a display device with a first video output signal formatted according to a first video interface specification; responsive to driving the display device, soliciting user input based on information included in the first video output signal; determining a characteristic of the display device based on the user input; and driving the display device according to the determined characteristic.
A video processing method includes: executing a first video detection for a first video processing operation; and performing a second video processing operation by referencing detection result of the first video detection. One of the first and second video processing operations is line-based processing, and the other is block-based processing.
Systems and methods directed to determining motion in a video signal are provided. A plurality of pixels of a plurality of adjacent field lines of alternating parity of the video signal are evaluated to generate a plurality of differential values. A sign of each differential value is determined, and when each differential value has the same sign, at least one differential value can be compared with a threshold value. Responsive to the comparison of at least one differential value with a threshold value, a motion coefficient indicative of a magnitude of motion associated with one of the plurality of pixels can be generated.
A string matching pattern is detected in a subtitle text stream extracted from a television stream. If there is a matched string covered by the string matching pattern in the subtitle text stream, a predetermined response is activated. For example, if the string matching pattern is a phone number syntax and there is a sequence number matching the phone number syntax, the response may be set as calling a phone according to the sequence number. Usually, subtitles only last for a few seconds, but the matched string may stay on a screen longer so that a user can have sufficient time to write it down.
A receiving device includes a plurality of digital input terminals, a signal receiving unit for receiving a video signal, and a switch unit for selectively connecting the plurality of digital input terminals to the signal receiving unit. The signal receiving unit is a receiving device that performs a mutual authentication with an external apparatus connected via a transmission channel to a digital input terminal selected by the switch unit, and receives a video signal from the external apparatus. The signal receiving unit includes a priority determining unit for cyclically determining a priority of the plurality of digital input terminals and a controller for controlling the switch unit so that a digital input terminal, which is determined by the priority determining unit as having a highest priority, is connected to the signal receiving unit.
A display control apparatus displays a plurality of video images on one screen based on a plurality of pieces of content data. The display control apparatus has a selection unit configured to select the plurality of pieces of content data to display the plurality of video images. The display control apparatus also has an adjustment unit configured to adjust a timing of display of the plurality of video images based on information included in the plurality of pieces of content data.
Disclosed is a video signal processing circuit, which comprises: first and second DC level adjusting circuits, for adjusting the DC level of a video signal to generate a first adjusted video signal and a second adjusted video signal respectively; an analog to digital converter, for sampling a data signal of the video signal according to a target clock signal; a sync signal separating circuit, for separating a sync signal from the first adjusted video signal; a sync signal processor, for detecting the existence of the sync signal, and outputting a sync clock signal if the sync signal exists; a multiplexer, for outputting one of the sync clock signal or predetermined clock signal as the target clock signal according to a selecting signal; and a processor unit, for controlling the first DC level adjusting circuit, the second DC level adjusting circuit, and for generating the selecting signal.
A video processing system may include an input for receiving interlaced video data arranged in successive frames each including odd and even fields. A processor may be coupled to the input for determining an improper inversion of the odd and even fields based upon a pair(s) of successive first and second frames each including successive first and second fields. The processor may generate a first difference value(s) based upon a comparison between the first field in the first frame and the second field in the second frame, and a second difference value(s) based upon a comparison between a second field in the first frame and the first field in the second frame. The processor may determine an improper inversion of the odd and even fields based upon a comparison of the first difference value(s) and the second difference value(s) for the pair(s) of successive first and second frames.
An integrated circuit capable of video processing and a method thereof is disclosed. The integrated circuit comprises an image information generator, an adaptive motion vector (MV) candidate generator, and a block matching unit. The image information generator receives reference and current video data to determine image information. The adaptive MV candidate generator, coupled to the image information generator, receives the reference and current video data to generate spatial and temporal MV candidates, and generates an updated MV candidate based on the image information. The block matching unit, coupled to the adaptive MV candidate generator, receives the spatial and temporal MV candidates and the updated MV candidate and performs block matching to determine an output MV therefrom.
A method for detecting a non-rigid-body in video coding and an integrated circuited for the same are disclosed. The integrated circuit capable of detecting non-rigid-body comprises a best matched block, a correlation unit, and a non-rigid-body detection unit. The best matched block unit receives a current block in a current video frame and block searching a reference video frame to determine an initial motion vector for a best matched block in the reference video frame. The correlation unit, coupled to the best matched block unit, receives the best matched block, and computes a correlation between a corresponding block and the best matched block. The non-rigid-body detection unit, coupled to the correlation unit, determines whether the current block contains non-rigid-body according to the correlation.
An apparatus and method for transmitting a preamble in a Digital Video Broadcasting (DVB) system are provided. The apparatus includes a first processor for generating a Modulation Signaling Sequence (MSS) using a plurality of received sequences, and for outputting a modulated sequence by differentially modulating the MSS. The apparatus also includes a scrambler for scrambling the modulated sequence by multiplying the modulated sequence by a scrambling sequence. A second processor receives the scrambled sequence through each allocated subcarrier, converts the received sequence into a time-domain signal, and generates and transmits the preamble.
According to an aspect of an embodiment, a method of controlling a first information apparatus connectable to a second information apparatus having a display, the second information apparatus being capable of reproducing video image based on video information obtained from a remote source independently from the first information apparatus, the method has storing command code information of the second information apparatus in association with identification information of the second information apparatus, receiving a command indicating a power-on operation of the second information apparatus while the second information apparatus is connected to the first information apparatus, executing a software program upon confirmation of the command indicating the power-on operation of the second information apparatus in reference to the command code information and outputting image data produced by the software program to the second information apparatus so as to display an image corresponding to the image data on the display.
A single panel projection system that comprises an illumination system which produces spatially separated color illumination segments. A display panel having at least two segments displays corresponding color information, which is aligned with the corresponding color illumination segments. A projection lens system combines the at least two segments together into a full color picture by using an angular-color-mixing technique. The system comprises only a single panel, therefore the system cost is lower than that of other three panel systems. The system has no moving color filter, so color artifacts related to color sequential method are eliminated. Color energy is distributed to three color segments at any time, therefore the light efficiency is high.
A mini-projector and detachable signal connector thereof are provided. The mini-projector applied to an electronic device comprises a projecting main body and a detachable signal connector. The detachable signal connector has at least a connecting unit. The connecting unit is electrically connected to the electronic device and transmits an image signal from the electronic device to the projecting main body.
Dedicated projectors and devices with projection abilities such as digital cameras or camcorders have projections that are corrected to compensate for irregularities in the surfaces receiving the projection. The image data being projected is compensated to account for the irregularities by observing the irregularities with a camera to produce image data and creating the compensation based on that image data. Irregularities of the projection receiving location including angular relationships to the projector causing keystoning, noisy surfaces with reflectivity or absorption, color patterns, non-planar regions, intervening objects, and the like may be accounted for during the compensation. The projection of the image itself may be utilized to capture the result of projecting onto the irregularities. Projection of target grids, such as using infrared, may be used to capture the result of projecting onto the irregularities. The captured image may be processed to produce a compensated image to be projected.
A liquid crystal display apparatus includes: a plurality of pixels arranged in a matrix, each including a switching element connected to a pixel electrode for applying a voltage to a liquid crystal placed between the pixel electrode and a counter electrode; and a vertical scan circuit for supplying a scan signal for controlling the switch element between conducting and non-conducting states, and for scanning the pixels scan line by scan line sequentially, wherein the scan signal includes a first conducting signal setting the switch element at the conducting state, a second conducting signal setting the switch element at the conducting state following to the first conducting signal, and a non-conducting signal setting the switch element at the non-conducting state between the first and second conducting signals to suppress deterioration of the image quality owing to the parasitic capacitance coupling between pixel electrodes and a feedthrough between pixels.
A stereoscopic display device using an electrically-driven liquid crystal lens is disclosed. The stereoscopic display device includes a display panel, a light source to emit light, and an electrically-driven liquid crystal lens provided between the display panel and the light source and having a reflective electrode to intercept a part of the light emitted from the light source, the electrically-driven liquid crystal lens enabling a wide viewing angle or narrow viewing angle display according to whether or not voltages are applied thereto.
An electrically-driven liquid crystal lens, which can be switched between a convex lens and a concave lens by changing an optical path difference based on an electric field application, and a stereoscopic display device using the same are disclosed. The electrically-driven liquid crystal lens includes first and second substrates arranged opposite each other and each defining a plurality of lens regions, a plurality of first electrodes formed on the first substrate based on the lens region and spaced apart from one another, a second electrode formed over the entire surface of the second substrate, a liquid crystal layer filled between the first substrate and the second substrate, first and second voltage sources to apply different voltages to the plurality of first electrodes in each lens region, the first and second voltage sources providing the liquid crystal layer between the first and second substrates with a convex lens optical path difference and a concave lens optical path difference, respectively, with respect to each lens region, and a selector to select any one of the first and second voltage sources so as to apply voltages to the first electrodes.
A MVA type liquid crystal panel is slow in a response speed when a black state at a drive voltage about 1V is switched to a low brightness halftone state at the drive voltage about 2 to 3V. According to the present invention, in a liquid crystal display device for driving the MVA type liquid crystal panel, when a liquid crystal pixel at a pixel electrode is changed from a first transmittance to a second transmittance greater than the first transmittance, a drive voltage greater than a fist target drive voltage in correspondence with a second transmittance is applied to the pixel electrode in a first frame period of changing to the second transmittance, and the first target display voltage is applied from a second frame period. According to the present invention, even when either switching is performed from a black state to a low brightness halftone state, from the black state to a high brightness halftone state, for from the black state to a white state, a response time is shortened, and the switching can be performed without generating an overshoot.
A multi-domain vertical alignment liquid crystal display that does not require physical features on the substrate (such as protrusions and ITO slits) is disclosed. Each pixel of the MVA LCD is subdivided into color components, which are further divided into color dots. The drive component areas, i.e. where switching elements and storage capacitors are located, are converted to associated dots by adding an electrode that can be electrically biased. The voltage polarity of the color dots and associated dots are arranged so that fringe fields in each color dot causes multiple liquid crystal domains in each color dot. Specifically, the color dots and associated dots of a pixel are arranged so that associated dots have opposite polarity as compared to neighboring color dots.
A liquid crystal display includes a first gate line transmitting a first gate signal, a first data line transmitting a first data voltage, and a first pixel connected to the first gate line and the first data line and including a first subpixel and a second subpixel. The first subpixel includes a first switching element connected to the first gate line, a first liquid crystal capacitor connected to the first switching element, and a first storage capacitor having a first terminal and a second terminal. The second subpixel includes a second switching element connected to the first gate line and the first data line, a second liquid crystal capacitor connected to the second switching element, and a second storage capacitor having a first terminal and a second terminal and having a capacitance different from a capacitance of the first storage capacitor. The first terminal of the first storage capacitor is connected to the first switching element, the first terminal of the second storage capacitor is connected to the second switching element, and the second terminal of the first storage capacitor and the second terminal of the second storage capacitor are coupled to each other and have a varying voltage thereof.
An array substrate in which a short circuit between a line branch of an auxiliary capacitance line and a pixel electrode can be easily corrected comprises the pixel electrode connected to a switching element arranged near the intersection between a scanning line and a signal line and the auxiliary capacitance line arranged in a layer below the pixel electrode, wherein the auxiliary capacitance line comprises a line trunk arranged substantially parallel to the scanning line and a line branch extending from the line trunk, and the pixel electrode is provided with an aperture which crosses the line branch of the auxiliary capacitance line.
A display substrate includes a plurality of transistors, a plurality of color filters, a plurality of pixel electrodes, a plurality of supporting members, and a plurality of filling members. The transistors are connected to a plurality of gate lines extending in a first direction on a base substrate and a plurality of data lines extending in a second direction crossing the first direction. The color filters are disposed over the transistors, and have a plurality of holes. The pixel electrodes are disposed on the color filters, and electrically connect to the transistors. The supporting members are disposed on the color filters, and maintain a gap between the base substrate and a substrate opposing the base substrate. The filling members are comprised of the same material as the supporting members, and fill the holes.
A method for manufacturing a substrate of a TFT LCD device is disclosed with following steps: providing a transparent substrate having a thin film transistors area and a storing capacitor area; forming an aluminum metal layer and a metal protecting layer on the substrate; patterning a first pattern on the aluminum metal layer of the TFT area, and a second pattern on the metal protecting layer of the storing capacitor area through a halftone mask; forming an aluminum nitride layer on the patterned metal protecting layer; removing the aluminum nitride layer form a rugged surface; forming patterned gates, patterned sources, and patterned drains over the patterned metal protecting layer of the TFT area, and forming a second metal layer over the rugged surface of the aluminum layer on the storing capacitor area, wherein the second metal layer is electrically connected with the drains; and forming patterned pixel electrodes.
A novel structure of an active electro-optical device is disclosed. The device is provided with complementary thin film insulated gate field affect transistors (TFTs) therein which comprise a P-TFT and an N-TFT. P-TFT and N-TFT are connected to a common signal line by the gate electrodes thereof, while the source (or drain) electrodes thereof are connected to a common signal line as well as to one of the picture element electrodes.
In case of driving the active electro-optical device, a gradation display can be carried out in a driving method having a display timing determined in relation to a time F for writing one screen and a time (t) for writing in one picture element, by applying a reference signal in a cycle of the time (t), to the signal line used for a certain picture element driving selection, and by applying the select signal to the other signal line at a certain timing within the time (t), and whereby setting the value of the voltage to be applied to a liquid crystal.
A method of compensating performance of a thin film transistor including a gate electrode, source and drain electrodes that are spaced apart from each other and insulated from the gate electrode, and an active layer to form a channel between the source and drain electrodes, includes applying a negative voltage to the gate electrode to compensate deterioration of the active layer.
A liquid crystal display according to the present invention includes a first substrate and a second substrate facing each other, a pixel electrode disposed on the first substrate and including a first sub-pixel electrode and a second sub-pixel electrode spaced apart from the first sub-pixel electrode by a gap, a common electrode disposed on the second substrate, a shielding member disposed on the first substrate or the second substrate and overlapping the gap between the first sub-pixel electrode and the second sub-pixel electrode, an alignment layer disposed on at least one of the pixel electrode and the common electrode, and a liquid crystal layer disposed between the first substrate and the second substrate.
A display system includes a housing member which has space therein, a plurality of light source units which are placed in the space, a diffusion member which is disposed on the light source units, a liquid crystal display panel which is disposed on the diffusion member, an infrared camera unit which is interposed between the liquid crystal display panel and the diffusion member and photograph a front region of the liquid crystal display panel, and a plurality of infrared light sources which emit infrared light to the front region of the liquid crystal display panel.
A lamp socket, a liquid crystal display, and a method of manufacturing the same,, which facilitate assembly and testing of a lamp. The lamp socket includes a housing including connection terminals electrically connected to lamp terminals, a cover hinge-engaged with the housing, a fixing part fixing the housing and the cover to each other, and an angle maintenance part maintaining an angle of the cover in an open position, wherein the angle is an acute angle.
A printed circuit board (PCB) includes a base substrate, an electrical wiring, a dummy pad and a thermally conductive adhesion member. The base substrate includes a light-emitting diode (LED) mounted on a first surface of the base substrate. The electrical wiring is electrically connected to the LED. The dummy pad is formed on the first surface to be connected to the electrical wiring. The thermally conductive adhesion member is attached to a second surface of the base substrate. Therefore, superior heat radiation may be obtained, thereby reducing or preventing damage to the LED and the LCD device using the LED by radiating the heat from the LED used as a light source.
A liquid crystal module includes a rear frame, a panel support, a liquid crystal panel and a bezel. The rear frame has a side plate, a top plate extending outward from the side plate, an outer plate extending rearward from the top plate and a bezel fixing component protruding outward from the top plate with respect to the outer plate. The panel support is disposed on the rear frame and covers the outer plate and the top plate of the rear frame. The liquid crystal panel is disposed on the panel support. The bezel is fixedly coupled to the bezel fixing component of the rear frame and holds an edge portion of the liquid crystal panel on the panel support.
A liquid crystal display device includes a liquid crystal display panel and a backlight disposed at a rear surface of the liquid crystal display panel. The backlight includes a light source, a frame housing the light source, a heat dissipating plate disposed inside the frame, and a reflective sheet disposed at a surface of the heat dissipating plate on the liquid crystal display panel side. The heat dissipating plate is formed with a heat dissipating fin protruding to a surface of the frame on the side opposite to the liquid crystal display panel through an opening formed through the frame in a portion corresponding to the upper portion thereof and formed with an opening which is closed with the frame and the reflective sheet in a portion corresponding to the lower portion thereof.
A liquid crystal module includes a rear frame, a light reflecting sheet, a plurality of U-shaped cold cathode tubes, an optical sheet and a liquid crystal panel. The light reflecting sheet is disposed on the rear frame. The U-shaped cold cathode tubes are disposed above the light reflecting sheet and arranged parallel to each other. Each of the U-shaped cold cathode tubes includes a U-shaped bent part and a pair of end portions extending from the U-shaped bent part. Widths of the U-shaped bent parts of the U-shaped cold cathode tubes are different from each other. Overall lengths of the U-shaped cold cathode tubes from one end portions to the other end portions along the U-shaped cold cathode tubes are equal to each other. The optical sheet is disposed above the U-shaped cold cathode tube. The liquid crystal panel is disposed above the optical sheet.
An object of the present invention is to provide a light diffuser plate sufficiently suppressed in its yellowish coloring or the like and excellent in impact resistance.
The present invention relates to a light diffuser plate comprises a base layer which contains a styrenic resin and light diffuser particles, and a surface layer which contains a polycarbonate resin and which is laminated on at least one surface of the base layer. As the styrenic resin, a styrenic monomer-methacrylic acid copolymer resin is preferably used.
A display device higher in light use efficiency than conventional ones, a display device substrate suitably used for such a display device, and a light guide suitably used for an illuminator of such a display device are provided. The light guide has a plane of incidence on which light is incident and a plane of emergence from which light emerges, and has a first photonic crystal structure having a refractive index changing periodically along a direction substantially parallel to the plane of emergence.
A lighting device includes: a light source; a light guiding plate; and a reflector. The light guiding plate includes: a light entrance part, which introduces light of the light source into the light guiding plate; and a plurality of reflecting parts, which are formed on at least the one of the light exit face and the opposed face to cause the introduced light to exit to outside. The plurality of reflecting parts are arranged in staggered pattern in a circumferential direction of a circle having the light entrance part as its center, and in a radius direction orthogonal to the circumferential direction. Therefore a reflecting surface of one of the plurality of reflecting parts that is placed in a back does not fall in a shadow of another one of the plurality of reflecting parts that is placed nearer to the light source, and incident light is reflected in a wide area.
A planar illumination device includes a laser light source; a light guide plate for guiding light entered through an end surface to be outputted from a first principal surface; an optical element which forms diffusing light outputted from the laser light source into a substantially parallel light in a thickness-wise direction of the light guide plate and which outputs the resulting parallel light to the end surface of the light guide plate; and a first light deflecting unit for deflecting a propagation direction in the light guide plate of the light incident thereon, wherein the first light deflecting unit is arranged such that a degree of deflection of the light incident on the light guide plate differs according to positions in the light guide plate, to make an amount of light outputted from the first principal surface uniform in the first principal surface.
A liquid crystal display device which can prevent the generation of bubbles on an adhesive surface between a liquid crystal display panel and a face plate which protects the liquid crystal display panel is provided. In mounting the face plate on an upper polarizer of the liquid crystal display panel by way of an adhesive material, a picture frame is formed on a periphery of the face plate for enhancing design property. Although the picture frame is formed by printing black ink, a quantity of Si present in the black ink is set to not more than 0.7% and not less than 0.01% thus preventing the generation of bubbles attributed to defective adhesion between the face plate and the adhesive material.
A wavelength separator is provided with a reflective color filter arranged to intersect with an optical path of light emerging from a principal surface of a light guide plate, and a recycle portion arranged at a side of the light guide plate opposite to the reflective color filter. Out of light incident on the light guide plate, light reflected by the reflective color filter is returned to the reflected color filter again by being reflected by the recycle portion via the light guide plate.
A method of producing phthalocyanine-series pigment fine particles, the method comprising: dissolving a phthalocyanine-series pigment in a good solvent added with a pigment-dispersing agent comprising a compound represented by the following formula (I), to prepare a pigment solution; and mixing the pigment solution with a solvent which is compatible with the good solvent but is a poor solvent for the phthalocyanine-series pigment, to form fine particles of the phthalocyanine-series pigment having a size in the order of nanometer:
Disclosed is a liquid crystal display which can switch between a wide viewing angle and a narrow viewing angle in a quad type pixel structure including white subpixels. The liquid crystal display comprises: a plurality of quad type pixels each having an R subpixel, a G subpixel, a B subpixel, and a W subpixel; and a plurality of light blocking patterns disposed on the W subpixels, for guiding light from the W subpixels to a side viewing angle, wherein the W subpixels are fixed at specific positions of the quad type pixels respectively, and the R, G, and B subpixels have a different arrangement for each of the quad type pixels adjacent horizontally or vertically to each other.
A liquid crystal display includes a first substrate. A color filter covers the first substrate and includes black matrices and color photoresists. Photo spacers upwardly protrude from the black matrices. The photo spacers are formed using a photolithography process so that the spacers are not formed in color photoresist regions. First transparent electrodes cover the color filter on regions other than regions where the photo spacers are formed and extend in a first direction. A second substrate faces the first substrate. Second transparent electrodes cover the second substrate, are between the second substrate and the first transparent electrodes and extend in a second direction crossing the first direction.
A bistable SmA liquid-crystal display is disclosed. A striped electrode pattern is coated on one of two substrates and an ITO film is coated on the other to switch the director of SmA liquid crystals between the homeotropic and planar states by applying a vertical electric field across the cell thickness and a horizontal electric field via the striped electrodes, respectively.
The present invention relates to a flat-panel display member, including at least an anti-reflection layer, an electrically conductive layer and a transparent resin layer, having the anti-reflection layer disposed on a first face of the electrically conductive layer, and having the transparent resin layer disposed on a second face on the other side of the first face of the electrically conductive layer, wherein a peripheral portion of the above flat-panel display member has an electrode reaching the above electrically conductive layer or the above transparent resin layer from the outermost surface of said first face side. The present invention provides a flat-panel display member capable of being produced with good production efficiency and excellent in electromagnetic wave shielding performance and visibility, and its manufacturing method.
The invention provides, an electro-optic device that can include a pair of substrates sandwiching an electro-optic substance therebetween. The electro-optic device can further include a coating member including an antistatic material and being disposed on a surface not opposing the electro-optic substance of at least one of the pair of substrates. Accordingly, problems of dust adhesion on the surface of the electro-optic device and dust projection can be solved so as to enable images with high quality to be displayed.
A liquid crystal display device including a liquid crystal layer, a common electrode, and an electrode set is provided. The liquid crystal layer is placed between said common electrode and the electrode set, and the electrode set is provided for switching the liquid crystal layer. The electrode set includes a first electrode and a second electrode. The first electrode switches a first area of the liquid crystal layer. The second electrode switches a second area of the liquid crystal layer. Particularly, the second area includes at least a part of the area of the liquid crystal layer that the first area does not include.
A liquid crystal display includes a first insulating substrate, a gate line and a data line provided on the first insulating substrate to cross each other, a first sub-pixel electrode coupled to the gate line and the data line, a second sub-pixel electrode capacitively connected to the first sub-pixel electrode, a second insulating substrate opposite to and facing the first insulating substrate, a common electrode formed on the second insulating substrate, and a cut-out pattern formed on the common electrode.
A display substrate includes a first switching element, a second switching element, a first pixel electrode, a second pixel electrode, a main storage electrode and a sub-storage electrode. The first switching element is connected to a data line and a first gate line. The second switching element is connected to the data line and a second gate line adjacent to the first gate line. The first pixel electrode is electrically connected to the first switching element. The second pixel electrode is electrically connected to the second switching element. The main storage electrode is disposed in an area between the first pixel electrode and the second electrode to overlap with first ends of the first and second pixel electrodes. The sub-storage electrode is spaced apart from the first and second gate lines.
An in-plane mode liquid crystal display device (LCD) is provided that is capable of improving a contrast ratio by blocking a light leakage region formed by a column spacer. The LCD includes gate and data lines that are formed on a substrate and cross each other to define pixels. A switching device, parallel first and second electrodes that generate a horizontal electric field, and a column spacer are disposed at each pixel. The column spacers are disposed between opposing substrates and are aligned with black matrix or the data lines such that the columns formed by the column spacers overlap with bent portions of the data lines.
The present invention relates to a spacer and a liquid crystal display (LCD) panel with the same. The LCD panel comprises a color filter substrate, a thin film transistor (TFT) array substrate and a liquid crystal layer disposed between the color filter substrate and the thin film transistor array substrate. At least one spacer is disposed between the color filter substrate and the thin film transistor array substrate. Each spacer can comprise a first sub-spacer and a second sub-spacer. Elasticity of the first sub-spacer is smaller than elasticity of the second sub-spacer, and height of the first sub-spacer is smaller than height of the second sub-spacer.
An object of the present invention is to reduce defects in display due to short-circuiting in liquid crystal display devices using a liquid crystal material containing organic particles having anisotropy in a uniaxial form. The present invention provides a liquid crystal display device with: a first substrate; a second substrate; and a liquid crystal layer, a pixel electrode and a common electrode placed between the above described first substrate and the above described second substrate, wherein the above described liquid crystal layer contains a number of organic particles having anisotropy in a uniaxial form, and the longitudinal axis of the particle having the longest longitudinal axis from among the above described particles is no greater than the thickness of the above described liquid crystal layer or the distance between the above described pixel electrode and the above described common electrode—whichever is shorter.
A method for making an optical device includes the steps of: rubbing an orienting film so as to stretch the molecular structure thereof and so as to permit the molecular units of the molecular structure to be aligned along a first axis and to permit the orienting space between each adjacent pair of the molecular units of the molecular structure to be oriented in a direction parallel to a second axis; and forming an optical anisotropical layer on the orienting film by applying a liquid crystal film of rod-like molecules on the orienting film which orients the rod-like molecules by virtue of spatial effect of the molecular units and the orienting spaces.
An auxiliary clip-on frame for mounting on eyeglasses is disclosed. It includes an auxiliary glasses frame which includes a left frame part and a right frame part where each of said frame parts contains lens retaining portion, a bridge element, and at least one clamp. The front side of the auxiliary glasses frame is made with plastic or metal material and a back side of the auxiliary glasses frame is made with soft rubber like material. The auxiliary glasses frame capable of attaching to eyeglasses where the auxiliary glasses frame will not scratch the surface of the eyeglasses when the auxiliary glasses frame is attached to the eyeglasses.
The overall apparatus assembly provides folding reading glasses, survival series wherein the glasses fold into a jewelry shape hung from a necklace. The overall apparatus assembly further provides a hinged nose portion that allows the eyeglass lenses to fold inward in a quick snap action about the hinged nose. The temples also fold inward and serve as the encase thus protecting the lenses rotating about a second quick action hinge. The spring loaded hinges will provide for cam action to lock the glasses in either an open or closed position. The closed position will further protect the eyeglass lenses and provide a decorative jewelry shaped integral encasement to store the eyeglass apparatus and protect the lenses.
Eyeglasses include a frame, and two lenses; the frame has a streamline shape, and a relatively large curvature as compared with the lenses, and has a joining portion protruding downwards from a middle portion thereof, and grooves extending from two sides of the joining portion to an upper portion of an inward side thereof; each of the lenses includes a body, and a connecting plate, which is secured on the body, and has the same curvature as the body of the lens; the lenses are firmly joined to the frame with the connecting plates being inserted in respective ones of the grooves of the frame.
A method for forming a silicone hydrogel contact lens is disclosed, wherein a lens body is formed by curing a mixture of silicone lens matrix, including a filling material, which is water soluble or organic solvent soluble. The lens body, once formed, is processed by water or organic solvent extraction to remove part or whole filling material from the silicone matrix of the lens body. Whereby densely distributed and interconnected pores are formed in the lens body to provide additional wettability required for the contract lens. This method is also applicable of to making other optical medical devices, such as an intraocular lens.
The invention provides sparkle additives useful in producing cosmetic lenses, and lenses produced using the sparkle additives that produce a sparkle-effect when the lens is viewed on-eye. The sparkle effect is produced while, at the same time, maintaining the natural appearance of the eye.
An apparatus for imaging an eye can include a pair of Scheimpflug imaging systems. Each Scheimpflug imaging system can have respective video cameras and optics configured to direct light reflected from an eye into the video cameras. The apparatus can also have a movable platform configured to move the pair of Scheimpflug imaging systems in accordance with eye movement detected by an eye tracking imaging system. In some embodiments, the Scheimpflug imaging systems can rotate 90 degrees about an optical axis of an eye being examined.
The present invention provides an optical system that can reduce the occurrence of aberration, and a scanning retinal display that uses such an optical system. A first diffraction section and the second diffraction section are attached to a light guiding section in a state separated from each other. The first diffraction section diffracts light flux that is incident on it, to be incident on the light guiding section. The light guiding section guides light flux that has been diffracted by the first diffraction section to the second diffraction section using reflection inside the light guiding section. The second diffraction section re-diffracts light flux that has been guided by the light guiding section and output externally of the light guiding section. The first diffraction section, the light guiding section, and the second diffraction section are substantially symmetrical, either side of a virtual plane between the first diffraction section and the second diffraction section.
An autostereoscopic display includes a plurality of micro-projection modules, wherein each of the micro-projection modules projects a sectional image of a 3-D image formed by combining a plurality of images in different viewing-angles. The autostereoscopic display further includes a viewing zone modulating screen having a plurality of image regions for respectively receiving the corresponding sectional images to form a plurality of images corresponding to different viewing-angles, wherein two images belonging to different viewing-angles establish a stereo display image.
A scanned beam projection system includes a polarizing beam splitter, a polarization rotating component and a scanning mirror. Light is directed on a first light path to the polarizing beam splitter at a substantially constant angle of incidence. The P-polarized light passes through. The P-polarized light passes through the polarization rotating component, is reflected off the scanning mirror back through the polarization rotating component, and arrives at the polarizing beam splitter as S-polarized light with a non-constant angle of incidence. The S-polarized light is reflected by the polarizing beam splitter, and a scanned image results.
A first light output unit integrally has a first light source and a first prism, a second light output unit integrally has a second light source and a second prism, and a third light output unit integrally has a third light source and a third prism. A first surface of the first prism and a second surface of the second prism are adhered together by an adhesive with a first film located therebetween, and first film passes green laser light and reflects blue laser light. A third surface of the second prism and a fourth surface of the third prism are adhered together by an adhesive with a second film located therebetween, and second film passes the green laser light and the blue laser light, and reflects red laser light.
An image projection apparatus that illuminates an image forming element arranged downstream of the image forming element and configured to form an original image by using light form a light source, and projects light from the image forming element onto a projected screen includes a housing having an inlet port with a dust removal filter, a fan configured to draw air into the housing through the inlet port, a duct configured to lead the air drawn from the inlet port into a space that contains the image forming element, and a chamber provided between the inlet port and the duct, wherein a sectional area of the chamber is larger in a direction orthogonal to an inflow direction of air into the duct at a connection part between the chamber and the duct than a sectional area of the connection part.
A device for a light projection system comprises at least one light source; light collection and relay optics; a reflective surface; a micro-display; an illumination total internal reflection TIR-prism disposed between the reflective surface and the micro-display; an imaging TIR-prism disposed between the illumination TIR-prism and the micro-display; and a projection lens. The light collection and relay optics is arranged to channel light emitted by the at least one light source to the illumination TIR-prism. The TIR-prism is arranged to totally internally reflect the light to the reflective surface. The reflective surface is arranged to reflect the light back through the illumination TIR-prism and through the imaging TIR-prism to the micro-display. The micro-display is arranged to reflect the light back through the imaging TIR-prism. The imaging TIR-prism is arranged to totally internally reflect the light from the micro-display to the projection lens.
A reflector used in combination with a light emitting portion that emits light and disposed around a central axis on which the light emitting portion is disposed includes a curved reflection section having the substantially same shape as that of a surface of revolution around the central axis, the curved reflection section reflecting light from the light emitting portion, and a flat deflection section formed on a flat surface positioned closer to the central axis than the surface of revolution, the flat deflection section deflecting the light from the light emitting portion forward. The flat deflection section has a plurality of structural members formed on the flat surface.
An enlarging optical unit receives laser light emitted from a laser light source, enlarges a light flux of the received laser light to have a diverging angle corresponding to a swing angle of a scanning mirror and provides it to the scanning mirror.
Encoder heads and Z heads are installed in order to measure the position of a stage that moves within a predetermined plane. Measurement beams emitted from these heads are irradiated to scales arranged on the upper surface of the stage. During the idling, for example, the stage continues to be moved by driving and rotating the stage around the stop position of the stage serving as the center, or the stage is withdrawn to an area to which the measurement beams are not irradiated.
Contaminants may build up on surfaces of an immersion lithographic apparatus that come into contact with an immersion liquid from during exposure of a substrate. A solution containing a cleaning agent may be used to clean such surfaces. The cleaning properties of such a cleaning solution may be improved by activating it with ultraviolet radiation. This means that a solution of a lower concentration may be used, thereby reducing the risk of damaging the surfaces to which the cleaning solution is provided. An embodiment of the present invention allows ultraviolet radiation to be provided to surfaces being cleaned without having to take the apparatus off-line. In an embodiment, a guide member is used to transfer ultraviolet radiation from a remote radiation source to an outlet located at a position where it is desired for a cleaning operation.
An immersion lithographic apparatus is disclosed having a projection system, a liquid supply system, and a recycling system. The projection system is configured to project a patterned radiation beam onto a target portion of a substrate, wherein a substrate table is configured to support the substrate. The liquid supply system is configured to provide an immersion liquid to a space between the projection system and the substrate or the substrate table. The recycling system is configured to collect the immersion liquid from the liquid supply system and to supply the immersion liquid to the liquid supply system. The recycling system includes a fiber configured to remove organic contaminants from the immersion liquid.
A process for curing photopolymer which comprises exposing the photopolymer to an image produced by a mask-free imaging apparatus. The image may be generated by a monochromatic display screen, e.g. a liquid crystal display, light emitting diodes, a cathode ray tube or plasma screen.
A system and method of leveling the topography of a semiconductor wafer surface is presented. The system may induce low-order lens aberration to control the focal plane dynamically. The system may include a leveling sensor which measures the changes in topography on the surface, as well as an analyzer to determine the aberration to be induced. In addition, the system may include a controller that dynamically adjusts at least one lens to induce such aberration. In another arrangement, the system may control the focal plane by dividing the exposure slit into smaller slits. In this arrangement, the analyzer may be used to determine the appropriate number of divisions to make to produce a focal plane that closely matches the surface of the wafer. In addition, the controller may adjust the stage height and tilt for each division to produce such a focal plane.
A substrate transfer apparatus that is designo provide an inclined transfer function that improves liquid saving efficiency of a process solution (developing solution) during the transfer of the substrate. The substrate transfer apparatus includes a first transfer unit for transferring a substrate, a second transfer unit spaced apart from an end of the first transfer unit, a third transfer unit disposed between the first and second transfer units and providing an inclined transfer that is capable of saving a developing solution adhered to the substrate during transfer of the substrate, and a transfer controller for controlling an inclined transfer angle and a connection state of the third transfer unit.
A stage device is equipped with a first scale which is placed with a Y-axis direction serving as its longitudinal direction and in which a first grating whose periodic direction is in an X-axis direction is formed and a second scale which is placed with the X-axis direction serving as its longitudinal direction and in which a second grating whose periodic direction is orthogonal to the periodic direction of the first grating is formed, the first scale and the second scale being placed on a plane which a wafer stage faces. Further, on the upper surface of the wafer stage, a plurality of X heads placed at different positions in the X-axis direction and a plurality of Y heads placed at different positions in the Y-axis direction are arranged. An encoder system that has these heads measures positional information of the stage within an XY plane, based on an output of the X head facing the first scale and an output of the Y head facing the second scale.
A lithographic apparatus is disclosed that has a movable article support configured to hold and move an article, a radiation control system configured to control a beam of radiation to be targeted onto the article, the article support, or both, the article to be moved relatively to the radiation control system by the movable article support for measurement, exposure, or both purposes, and a pressure shield that is mechanically uncoupled from the radiation control system to shield against pressure waves induced by the article support so as to help prevent displacement of the radiation control system caused by the pressure waves.
A lithographic projection apparatus includes an illumination system that conditions a radiation beam, a support structure that holds a patterning device, the patterning device being capable of imparting the radiation beam with a pattern. a substrate table that holds a substrate, and a projection system that projects the patterned radiation beam onto a target portion of the substrate. In addition, a liquid supply system provides a liquid to a space between the projection system and the substrate, the liquid supply system having a member. A liquid seal device forms a liquid seal between the member and the substrate.
A projection exposure apparatus transfers a pattern formed on a mask onto a substrate via a projection optical system. The projection exposure apparatus includes electricity removal units which removes electricity from a liquid supplied to a space between the projection optical system and the surface of a substrate. This makes it possible to prevent destruction of the circuit pattern or malfunction of the device which would otherwise caused by charging of the liquid.
In immersion exposure, a resist pattern forming method suppressing resist pattern defects comprises mounting a substrate formed a resist film thereon and a reticle formed a pattern thereon onto an exposure apparatus, supplying a first chemical solution onto the resist film to selectively form a first liquid film in a local area on the resist film and draining the solution, the first liquid film having a flow and being formed between the resist film and a projection optical system, transferring the pattern of the reticle to the resist film through the first liquid film to form a latent image, supplying a second chemical solution onto the resist film to clean the resist film, heating the resist film, and developing the resist film to form a resist pattern from the resist film.
A method for exposing a resist layer on a substrate to an image of a pattern on a mask is disclosed whereby, after starting exposure and before completing exposure, a controlled amount of contrast loss is introduced by a controller in the image at the resist layer by changing during exposure the position of the substrate holder. The contrast loss affects the pitch dependency of the resolution of a lithographic projection apparatus, and its control is used to match pitch dependency of resolution between different lithographic projection apparatus.
A lithographic method of manufacturing a miniaturized device using a projection exposure system involves illuminating the object plane of an imaging optics of the projection exposure system with measuring light; detecting, for each of a plurality of locations on an image plane of the imaging optics, an angular distribution of an intensity of the measuring light traversing the image plane at the respective location; adjusting a telecentricity of the projection exposure system based on a selected patterning structure to be imaged and on the plurality of the detected angular distributions; disposing the selected pattern structure to be imaged in a region of the object plane of the imaging optics; disposing a substrate carrying a resist in a region of the image plane of the imaging optics and exposing the resist with imaging light using the projection exposure system with the adjusted telecentricity; and developing the exposed resist and processing the substrate with the developed resist.
An exposure apparatus includes an illumination optical system that guides illumination light to a mask; a projection optical system that projects the pattern irradiated with the illumination light, onto a substrate; and a supporting device that integrally suspendingly supports at least part of the illumination optical system and the projection optical system, with a supporting member having a flexible structure.
An exposure apparatus inspection mask has asymmetric diffraction grating regions for generating +1-order diffracted light and −1-order diffracted light having a different diffraction efficiency. The asymmetric diffraction grating region includes: a transparent substrate; semi-transparent phase shifter films selectively and periodically disposed on the transparent substrate at a predetermined pitch; and shade films selectively and periodically disposed on the phase shifter films at a predetermined pitch. The phase shifter films are formed to have such a thickness that the phase difference between the phase of first light passing through only the transparent substrate and the phase of second light passing through the phase shifter films and the transparent substrate is set to a value other than 180°×n (n is an integer equal to or larger than 0).
A light meter for measuring photometric quantities includes a telephotometer having a photo detector to receive light energy entering the telephotometer. A light metering valve, for the purpose of providing a variable field of view, is located in the body of the telephotometer generally at the focal plane of the objective lens of the telephotometer. A controller, which includes a digital processor in communication with the photo detector will process information from the photo detector and from a range finder included in the system to output light intensity of a target light source.
Sensing results from moving objects, e.g. from photosensing emanating light or from impedance-based sensing, can indicate sensed time-varying waveforms with information about objects. For example, a sensed time-varying waveform can be compared with another waveform, such as a reference waveform produced by objects of a certain type, to obtain comparison results indicating motion-independent information about the object; time-scaling can adjust for displacement rate such as speed. Also, a modulation periodicity value can be obtained from a sensed time-varying waveform and used in obtaining information about an object; for example, a periodic modulation frequency can be used with a given time's chirp frequency to obtain phase information about an object's position. Or, where periodic modulation frequency indicates displacement rate, time scaling during comparison can use a scaling factor based on the frequency. Objects can move fluidically as in flow cytometry or through scanning movement, as in document scanning.
An aerodynamic lens, comprises a cylindrical body having an inlet and an outlet; and a convergence-divergence lens portion inside the cylindrical body, having a lens hole formed at the center of the convergence-divergence lens portion, through which a carrier gas and particles pass, a convergence slant surface at a convergence angle (α) with a central axis of the aerodynamic lens at the front of the lens hole, and a divergence slant surface at a divergence angle (β) with the central axis of the aerodynamic lens at the rear of the lens hole.
The present invention relates to an apparatus for detecting defects on a disk surface which projects light on the disk surface by a light transmitting system, receives specula reflection light and scattered light by a light receiving system, exposes defects by performing a two-dimensional frequency filter process on a signal, and performs a defect determination process to extract a linear-shaped isolative defect candidate. Next, the present invention performs a periodicity determination process to classify and detect the periodically generated linear and circular arc defects and the isolatively generated linear and circular arc defects.
A uniform light generating system for testing an image-sensing device includes a light-generating unit, a light-transmitting unit, a light-diffusing unit, and a lens unit. The light-generating unit has a substrate and a plurality of light-emitting elements electrically disposed on the substrate. The light-transmitting unit has one side communicated with the light-generating unit for receiving and uniformizing light beams projected from the light-emitting elements. The light-diffusing unit has one side disposed on the other side of the light-transmitting unit for receiving and diffusing the light beams that have passed through the light-transmitting unit. The lens unit is disposed on the other side of the light-diffusing unit for transmitting the light beams that have passed through the light-diffusing unit to the image-sensing device.
The invention relates to a device for use in analysing the performance of a spectrometric system of the type which comprises a spectrometer to which a probe for propagating electromagnetic radiation is connected. The device comprises a holder for holding both a reflectance standard and the probe so that the tip of the probe is fixated at a predetermined position relative to the reflectance standard and so that at least part of the electromagnetic radiation emitted from the probe is diffusely reflected from the reflectance standard back to the probe. The invention also relates to a method, a kit and an assembly.
The present disclosure includes a number of method, medium, and apparatus claims utilized for color sensor performance. One method includes determining performance of a color sensor, which can be performed by measuring a color parameter intensity and reflectance spectral power distribution of a particular type of print medium with a color sensing utility of a print apparatus. The method also can include detecting a magnitude of a difference between the measured color parameter intensity and reflectance spectral power distribution of the particular type of print medium and a predetermined intensity and reflectance spectral power distribution of the color parameter of the particular type of print medium, where the predetermined intensity and reflectance spectral power distribution is stored in memory.
A spectroscope includes a diffraction grating having a plurality of ruled parallel lines; and a plurality of spectroscopic paths, each of which has a collimator for collimating incident light, emits the collimated light to the diffraction grating, and emits return light, which returns from the diffraction grating, through a slit provided on the path. In the spectroscope, measured light is emitted through the plurality of spectroscopic paths so as to extract light which is included in the measured light and has a predetermined wavelength; and the collimators of the spectroscopic paths are arranged so that irradiation areas of light emitted from the collimators are offset from each other at least in a direction along the ruled parallel lines. The collimators of the spectroscopic paths may be arranged so that incident angles of light emitted from the collimators coincide with each other.
A device for determining the position of an object that is movable along at least one displacement direction, the or each displacement direction having assigned to it one length measuring device for measuring the position of the object along the respective spatial direction, includes: at least one scale extending along a displacement direction of the object to be measured as a first component of the respective length measuring device; a scanning head for scanning the scale as a second component of the respective length measuring device such that a change in the position of the scale with respect to the scanning head along the associated displacement direction of the object to be measured is measurable, one of the two components of the respective length measuring device being moved together with the object to be measured along the respective displacement direction when the latter is moved; and a device for determining the distance of the component of the respective length measuring device, which is movable together with the object to be measured, from the object to be measured along the measuring direction of the associated length measuring device.
The device for determining the distance of the component of the respective length measuring device, which is movable together with the object to be measured, from the object to be measured includes a measuring graduation as a first module and an associated measuring head as a second module, one of the two modules being provided on the object to be measured and the other of the two modules being provided on the component of the length measuring device that is movable together with the object to be measured.
A method for aligning a beam spot with a waveguide portion of a wavelength conversion device includes scanning a beam spot over the input face of the wavelength conversion device while measuring the output intensity of the device such that an output intensity for each of a plurality of fast scan lines is generated. A first alignment set point is then determined based on the output intensity of each fast scan line. A second scan of the beam spot is then performed over the fast scan line containing the first alignment set point while measuring the output intensity for each point along the fast scan line. A second alignment set point is then determined based on the output intensities measured during the second scan. The beam spot is then aligned with the waveguide portion using the first alignment set point and the second alignment set point.
The objective of the invention is to provide a color inspection system capable of making determination on pass or failure with accuracy equivalent to that for the case of visual inspection even in the case of inspecting various textile products as measurement targets, such as a raised cloth, cloth with printed patterns such as marbled pattern, moire pattern and detailed pattern, and so forth. With a color inspection system, an illuminant is set to shine light on the surface of a textile product M placed on the top surface of a measuring platform to thereby make measurements from a direction at an angle of 45 degrees from the surface of a measuring region of the textile product M by use of a spectroradiometer of a measuring unit. The spectroradiometer is provided with a wide range lens attached thereto to thereby expand a measuring region. The results of measurement by the spectroradiometer are inputted to an information processor of a determination unit. The information processor computes color values for the whole measuring region to be compared with standard color values stored in a memory to thereby make determination on pass or fail.
A method for inspecting a color filter includes a first step of disposing the color filter so that the color filter is opposed to a light source, a second step of outputting, from the light source, monochromatic light of a color corresponding to one of the colors of color layers of the color filter and entering the light into the plurality of color layers, and a third step of inspecting for display unevenness in each of the color layers with light transmitted through the color layers.
The invention provides devices, compositions and methods for maintaining conditions in a cell culture and for measurement of conditions in the cell culture. In particular, the invention provides hydrogel materials, apparatus and methods for several non-invasive techniques of maintaining glucose and pH levels in cell cultures at near-optimal levels and the non-invasive measurement of pH levels in cell cultures.
According to one aspect, a part has two reflective surfaces, one being a conic surface portion having an axis with a focus thereon, and the other being part of a spherical surface with a centerpoint at the focus. According to a different aspect, a method includes fabricating a part with first and second reflective surfaces, the first being a conic surface portion with an axis and a focus on the axis, and the second being a spherical surface portion with a centerpoint at the focus. The second surface is used to position the part so that the focus coincides with the centerpoint of a spherical wave from an interferometer. Then, a reflective further spherical surface portion on a member is used with the interferometer to position a centerpoint of the further surface at the focus. The interferometer then evaluates the first surface for accuracy.
This disclosure provides methods for measuring asymmetry of features, such as lines of a diffraction grating. On implementation provides a method of measuring asymmetries in microelectronic devices by directing light at an array of microelectronic features of a microelectronic device. The light illuminates a portion of the array that encompasses the entire length and width of a plurality of the microelectronic features. Light scattered back from the array is detected. One or more characteristics of the back-scattered light may be examined by examining data from the complementary angles of reflection. This can be particularly useful for arrays of small periodic structures for which standard modeling techniques would be impractically complex or take inordinate time.
A system for sensing a three-dimensional topology of a test surface is provided. A first illumination source generates first patterned illumination from a first point of view. A second illumination source generates second patterned illumination from a second point of view, the second point of view differing from the first point of view. An area array image detector simultaneously acquires at least first and second fringe images relative to the first and second patterned illuminations. A controller is coupled to the first and second sources and to the detector. The controller generates a height topology of the test surface based on images acquired while the first and second patterned illuminators are energized.
A method of measuring a metric of a measurement area of interest on a subject comprises contacting a part of the subject on a rest of a measurement apparatus that comprises an arm, a base attached to or formed on the arm, and a displacement sensor attached to the arm; adjusting the measurement apparatus to optimize the spatial relationship between the displacement sensor and the measurement area of interest on the subject; and measuring the metric.
To measure the critical dimensions and other parameters of a one- or two-dimensional diffracting structure of a film, the calculation may be simplified by first performing a measurement of the thickness of the film, employing a film model that does not vary the critical dimension or parameters related to other characteristics of the structure. The thickness of the film may be estimated using the film model sufficiently accurately so that such estimate may be employed to simplify the structure model for deriving the critical dimension and other parameters related to the two-dimensional diffracting structure.
A system includes a docking port with at least one moveable member for releasably engaging any of a plurality of different data storage devices; at least one data connector disposed adjacent the docking port; and an optical recognition device for locating a data port on the data storage device. The optical recognition device controls relative movement between the data storage device and connector such that the data storage device and connector are automatically interfaced by the system. A method of operating a photo print kiosk includes engaging a data storage device in a docking port having at least one moveable member for securing the data storage device in the docking port; detecting a data port of the data storage device; and automatically interfacing the data port with a matching connector of a plurality of connectors in the kiosk through relative movement of the data storage device and the matching connector.
Based on whether image formation is to be performed on an one side or both sides of record paper, and on whether image data concerning image formation is image data of an one-sided document or image data of a double-sided document, it is judged whether a blank page or a blank sheet whose both sides are blank pages is included, and image formation is performed excluding said blank page or both sides of the blank sheet based on said judgment result.
This disclosure provides a method and system to generate device dependent color space representations for an image output device. The method and system are particularly applicable to a printing device, where gamut boundary separated profile methods are executed to map device in-gamut and device out-of-gamut colors.
A print control apparatus includes a print request receiving unit and a print control unit. The print request receiving unit receives a print request, including print target information, to a print apparatus. If a condition is satisfied under which print target information should have information regarding security added thereto for printing, the print control unit adds the information regarding security to the print target information and causes the print apparatus to print the print target information to which the information regarding security is added. If the condition is not satisfied, the print control apparatus stores the print target information included in the print request in a storage unit, and when an operation receiving unit provided in the print apparatus is operated to instruct to print the stored print target information, the print control apparatus causes the print apparatus to print the stored print target information.
An image forming apparatus for printing out one or more pages in an electronic file having color information in the form of at least one of character information and image information, includes an information acquiring unit configured to acquire at least one of the character information and the image information from the electronic file; and a blank page determining unit configured to determine whether a page in the electronic file is a blank page based on the color information of at least one of the character information and the image information acquired by the information acquiring unit. A page that is determined as being a blank page by the blank page determining unit is cancelled from being printed out.
An image forming apparatus and a print control method prevents a disadvantageous effect to a user due to print failure, before an image forming operation is started. The image forming apparatus includes an interface for connecting an external storage device to the image forming apparatus. Data stored in the external storage device is read via the interface and printed by the image forming apparatus. A memory usage at the time of printing the data is calculated based on a parameter obtained from various information about the data. The calculated memory usage and a memory capacity that is available in the image forming apparatus during printing are compared. An image forming operation for printing the data is controlled depending on a comparison result.
The objective of the present invention is to provide a printing apparatus that can avoid difficulty in the folding of a print sheet that has been printed using clear toner. In order to achieve this objective of the present invention, a printing apparatus includes a storage unit for storing data which indicates positions to be printed by using a transparent color material on a print sheet according to a registration instruction and a synthesizing unit for synthesizing image which is printed by using non-transparent color material based on contents data and image which is printed by using transparent color material based on form data stored in the storage unit on a print sheet according to a synthesis instruction.
An image forming system, according to the present invention can include a forming device for forming an image based on printing data, an obtaining device for obtaining an image-formable range specific to the forming device, a determination circuit for determinating if the image based on printing data fits within the image-formable range, and an adjusting circuit for adjusting at least one of a position and a size of the image in accordance with the image-formable range, when the determination circuit determines that the image does not fit within the image-formable range.
An on-demand print driver application queries a printing device for configuration data that specifies current capabilities of the printing device. The on-demand print driver application generates a print driver data file based upon both a set of basic capabilities common to multiple printing devices and the current capabilities of the printing device. The on-demand print driver application generates a print driver for the printing device that includes at least the print driver data file, a UI module and a rendering module. The UI module is configured to use the print driver data file to generate a graphical user interface that allows a user to select printing options and settings. The rendering module is configured to use the print driver data file to process application data generated by an application program, such as a word processor, and generate print data that conforms to a format supported by the printing device.
An image forming apparatus is provided that presents information for a function relevant to an operation performed by a user using a waiting time. The image forming apparatus displays information relevant to the operation when a user directly operates a multifunctional apparatus to execute a job and includes a relevant information presenting portion that stores function information explaining the function relating to the setup information for executing the job in a storage portion, obtains the function information to be presented in association with the job from the storage portion to display if a processing amount of a job in execution is greater than a predetermined amount. A size of the processing amount of the job is determined depending on the number of sheets or copies to be printed.
In an apparatus having a document reading portion for reading an image of a document on a document platen, by reading an image of a document on a display screen using an area sensor, it's not necessary to set a document for reading on the platen so that the document is prevented from being left behind, and even when a document on the platen and the document sticks out of the platen to extend over the screen, it is possible to prevent the document on the screen is erroneously read. When detecting a document on the platen and detecting that an object on the screen does not have a standard size by the area sensor, a control portion of the apparatus controls so that the document reading portion reads the image of the document on the platen and the area sensor is prohibited from reading the image.
An image forming apparatus includes a setting section, a setting display section, a determination section, a change section, and an incompatible option display section. The setting section sets image formation functions, which include first and second functions. The setting display section displays a single or plurality of options on each of setting screens. The single or plurality of options is set as a setting condition for each function. The setting screens respectively correspond to the functions. The determination section determines if a combination of options is incompatible. The change section changes a display form of the option of the first function when the determination section determines that the combination is incompatible. The incompatible option display section displays a setting screen of the option of the second function when the option of the first function is selected after the display form of the option of the first function is changed.
An image forming system includes one or more image forming apparatuses and a management apparatus. The management apparatus includes: a software component retention part configured to retain one or more software components in a storage unit, the software components each being configured to generate output format data in a data format interpretable by a printer engine of a corresponding one or more of the image forming apparatuses from application data; a determination part configured to determine, based on the specified image forming apparatus, one of the software components to be used to generate the output format data corresponding to the specified image forming apparatus; and a transmission part configured to transmit the generated output format data to the specified image forming apparatus. The specified image forming apparatus includes an image forming part to form a predetermined image on an image forming medium based on the transmitted output format data.
A personal computer identifies a target of a printing error in a printer. At this time, the personal computer identifies the target of the printing error in the printer as a print file, based on an identification code obtained together with status information which represents error information. The personal computer waits for the printer to restore the error. The personal computer determines whether or not the printer has restored the error based on the status information obtained from the printer on a regular basis or when driven by some event. Next, the personal computer retransmits the print file thus identified to the printer. Alternatively, the printer re-receives the print file.
An image forming apparatus is provided that includes a storage unit configured to store print data which is received from a host, a generation unit configured to read the print data which is stored in the storage unit and generate an intermediate code, and an image forming unit configured to form an image according to the intermediate code which is generated by the generation unit. The image forming apparatus also has a restriction unit that is configured not to restrict execution of a specific print function if a processing unit configured to process the print data by interactively communicating with the host is not installed in the image forming apparatus, and is configured to restrict execution of the specific print function if the processing unit configured to process the print data by interactively communicating with the host is installed in the image forming apparatus.
Methods for operating the user interfaces (UIs) of a device such as an MFP device while the device is under simultaneous user operations from different access points.
A method for saving paper on a printer, including: providing a user interface that includes a buffer option window on the print window for storing, in a buffer that is located in a directory that can be chosen by a user, a plurality of separate documents to be printed without having to open a new window and without having to change print properties; a user clicking on the buffer option window of the user interface to store in the buffer a first document to be printed; the user clicking on the buffer option window of the user interface at least once more to store in the buffer at least a second document to be printed; and the user clicking on the buffer option window of the user interface to print the first document and at least the second document, along with only a single title page.
A method for converting a facsimile includes receiving the facsimile via the public-switched telephone network, generating an enhanced portable document format (EPDF) file that includes information in addition to image information and communicating the EPDF file to an e-mail server. The EPDF file can then be communicated as an attachment to an e-mail message addressed to the intended recipient of the facsimile. A facsimile processing system includes a public-switched telephone network interface, a packet-switched network interface, a mail transfer protocol server, an input agent, a job processor and a translator. The input agent identifies and forwards the incoming facsimile to the job processor. The job processor determines when an EPDF file is desired and communicates appropriate instructions to the translator. The translator generates the EPDF file in response to the instructions and the image information from the facsimile. The translator integrates signatures and repositionable notes in outbound facsimiles.
A printing apparatus is provided for obtaining pickup information of users and determining a print order in accordance with the pickup information in consideration of different pickup patterns of the users for picking up printed documents, and a method of controlling the printing apparatus, in order to minimize time and effort of users.
A print control device that executes a plurality of filtering units sequentially and in parallel to generate print data of a document includes: an acquisition unit that acquires print information that at least includes attribute information related to the attribute of the document on which the filtering units are executed and status information that indicates a status in which the print data are generated, from the respective filtering units; and a display unit that displays information display areas for the filtering units, arranged in a predetermined direction in order of which filtering unit is executed first, and that displays the attribute information and status information of the print information in the information display area for each filtering unit.
An image reading apparatus reads the image of an original document. An original document reading section scans an original document to read the image of an original document. A scanned data producing section produces scanned data based on the image read from the original document. A communication section receives a read command from the external apparatus, the read command containing a first item of identification information and a command to read the image from the original document, and transmits scanned data produced in the scanned data producing section to the external apparatus. A user inputs a second item of identification information through an inputting section. If the first item of identification information and the second item of identification information coincide, then a controller allows the original document reading section to scan the original document.
In an image forming apparatus, a setting management unit acquires at least one of first setting data and second setting data. The first setting data is information that specifies data to be included in the identification image from among the identification data and the second setting data is information that specifies a position of the identification image. An output control unit outputs (e.g., prints) output data including the identification image that is created based on at least one of the first setting data and the second setting data that is acquired by the setting management unit.
In a link system in which a plurality of MFPs and a server apparatus is connected so as to enable data communication over a network, a remote connection driver of the MFP starts an application on the server apparatus by remote control and at the time, on the basis of an operation start signal transmitted from the MFP, a device setting manager of the server apparatus identifies as a remote operation host apparatus the MFP having transmitted the operation start signal, and automatically sets the MFP as the MFP by which the application is used.
In a print processing system, a storage server temporarily stores print data generated on a user client PC; a multifunction apparatus then obtains the print data from the storage server and prints the data, according to user's operation on the multifunction apparatus; and a management server manages a storage status of the print data on the storage server. The user client PC transmits to the storage server, bibliographic information associated with the print data concurrently when transmitting the data. The storage server stores thereon the print data obtained from the user client PC and transfers to the management server, the bibliographic information obtained from the user client PC. The management server manages the storage status of the print data on the storage server, based on the bibliographic information obtained from the storage server.
A printing system having a printing apparatus and a post-processing apparatus connected to the printing apparatus, and a method for controlling the printing system, are provided. When an in-line job is received that is set to perform a printing process by the printing apparatus and a post-process by the post-processing apparatus with respect to a sheet printed by the printing process, it is determined whether or not the in-line job is to be separated into the printing process and an off-line process of performing the post-process by the post-processing apparatus without performing the printing process. When it is determined that the separation is to be performed, the printing apparatus is caused to execute the printing process and print information for executing the off-line process is held. When a user's instruction to execute the off-line process is received, the off-line process is executed with respect to the sheet printed by the printing process.
A document processing system is disclosed that is capable of processing both fixed-format and unfixed-format hand written paper documents. The document processing system includes an encoding unit that encodes a sheet ID for identifying a hand written first document on a sheet to generate a coded sheet ID; a decoding unit that decodes the coded sheet ID; a document-sheet ID association unit that associates the sheet ID with a document ID assigned to a computerized second document; a printing unit that acquires the sheet ID and prints the coded sheet ID on the first document; a sheet ID management unit that manages the sheet ID; an information acquisition unit that acquires the sheet ID decoded by the decoding unit, and hand-written data from the first document on which the coded sheet ID is printed; and a process-sheet ID association unit that associates the sheet ID with a process ID of a process for processing the hand-written data acquired by the information acquisition unit.
An image forming apparatus includes a display section, a storage section, and a continuation reception section. The display section displays a plurality of setting items, and the setting items relate to only one of the plurality of functions. The storage section stores a single or plurality of groups of setting items relating to a function in a time-series manner. The continuation reception section receives an option of whether or not the provided function is continuously executed. When receiving the option, the continuation reception section causes the display section to display the group of the setting items and to display the history data in a list to select one from the single or plurality of groups of the setting items. When receiving the option for not continuously executing the provided function, the continuation reception section initializes setting of the provided function and clears all the history data.
An electronic device and control method can detect tapping operations on the device housing to control executing processes, and whether tapping operations are accepted can differ by individual print job. The receipt printer has an impact sensor. The control unit of the receipt printer detects tapping while processing print data and while printing when print data containing a wait-for-tapping-operation and cancel printing command is received, and cancels printing when a predetermined tapping operation is detected. When print data containing a wait-for-tapping-operation and start printing command or wait-for-tapping-operation and cut paper command is received, starting printing or the cutting operation of the automatic paper cutter is suspended and tapping is detected. When the predetermined tapping operation is detected, the suspending printing operation or cutting operation starts.
An approval workflow management system capable of preventing a mismatch from being caused between a document of which the contents have been confirmed for approval, and an electronic document stored in a file server, for approval, thereby enhancing the reliability of an approval workflow. The approval workflow system is formed by connecting client computers, MFPs, a file server, and an approval information management server to a network. When an MFP receives a request for printing a file, from the client computer, the MFP requests the file server to restrict editing the file, and the approval information management to approve the file. When the approval information management server notifies the MFP that approval of the file has been successful, the MFP requests the file server to cancel restriction of editing the file.
An image forming apparatus switches a line of image data, to be read out from a storage unit, to another, depending on a position in the line in a scanning direction such that the curving of a scanning line is offset, and reducing trouble in reading out image data in units of rectangular image data blocks A data processing section performs image processing based on a plurality of rectangular image areas generated by dividing image data stored in a memory section. An image reading unit reads out the image data as the rectangular image areas, and transfers the rectangular image areas to the data processing section. A printer section forms an image by scanning a photosensitive member with irradiation light based on the rectangular image data areas. A DMA controller stores positional information indicative of line-switching positions. The rectangular image data areas are read out according to the positional information.
In order to prevent illegal copying more effectively in an image forming apparatus, when a specified ground pattern for preventing copying is detected in input image data, the detected ground pattern is emphasized in the image data. Alternatively, information for detecting the specified ground pattern is stored in a storage device, in order to detect the ground pattern with the stored information. When the ground pattern is not detected, a ground region in the image data is analyzed further to determine whether a different ground pattern exits or not. When a ground pattern is detected, information for detecting the ground pattern is stored in the storing device.
A system for sending an e-mail message. The system comprises comprising a printed form having a plurality of location-indicating tags printed thereon. Each tag contains coded data identifying a location of the tag on the form and an identity of the form. The system further comprises an optically imaging pen for writing a message on the form. The pen comprises a marking nib for writing a handwritten message on the form, an image sensor for imaging the tags when writing the message on the form, and a processor for computing positions of the nib using the coded data contained in the imaged tags, an inferred multiple degree-of-freedom perspective transform of the imaged tags and a known geometry of pen optics. A computer system receives indicating data generated by the processor and initiates sending of the e-mail message to a designated recipient address.
An apparatus (such as a printer) including a combination engine controller circuit board having a integrated circuit (IC) chip configured to process (format) incoming data as well as to control the operations of the apparatus is disclosed. The IC chip is adapted to receive and process data as well as to control the operations of the apparatus. For this reason, the IC chip is referred to as a combined controller IC.
An image forming apparatus according to one embodiment of the present invention comprises an image reading unit that reads an image from a document to generate base image data which matches predetermined default reading conditions; a reading condition identifying unit that identifies reading condition settings specified by a user in response to when the image is read; and an information saving unit that saves the base image data and the reading condition settings identified by the reading condition identifying unit in association with each other as saved-image information.
Disclosed is an image forming apparatus including: an image memory to store image data to form an image with pixels aligned in a main scanning direction and a sub-scanning direction; a print head; and a correction section to perform correction processing on the image data to correct misalignment which occurs when an image is formed, wherein the correction section includes: a memory which can perform burst transfer; a first control section; line buffers; and a second control section, wherein the first control section successively writes the image data in the burst access unit in the memory and reads the image data in the burst access unit while controlling the address of the memory according to a first control signal generated based on previously set information concerning correction; and the second control section selects image data to output according to a second control signal generated based on the information.
There is described an image forming apparatus, which makes it possible to easily create a booklet sample. The apparatus includes: a determining section to determine whether or not instruction information for instructing the apparatus to create a booklet sample is attached to print data; and a controlling section to control the image forming apparatus to create the booklet sample in which at least a part of inner pages is printed in a predetermined mode. The predetermined mode includes any one of: a first mode in which all of the inner pages other than the front and the back cover sheets are made to be white papers; a second mode in which only the front and back cover sheets and specific inner pages are to be printed; and a third mode in which only the front and back cover sheets and initial pages of chapters are to be printed.
A one dimensional transformation of colorant values before transforming them into a color using a printer model enables linearization of the gradation of each color component as a function of colorant values. The method reduces interpolation error if the printer model uses piecewise linear interpolation.
Disclosed is an image processing apparatus, including: a comparing and detecting section for comparing two image data, which respectively obtained by nearly simultaneously reading both sides of a document, on a pixel to pixel basis and detecting a pixel, on which off-set arises, from the two image data based on a comparison result obtained by comparing the two image data; and a correcting section for correcting at least any one of brightness, hue and chroma based on information including brightness and hue of the detected pixel.
An image processing apparatus includes an image information acquisition device, an embedment information acquisition device, an embedment mode information acquisition device, an embeddability determination device, and an embeddability information output device. The image information acquisition device acquires image information on a target image into which supplemental information is to be embedded. The embedment information acquisition device acquires embedment information on the supplemental information. The embedment mode information acquisition device acquires embedment mode information on an embedment mode in which the supplemental information is embedded in the image information. The embeddability determination device determines embeddability of the supplemental information into the image information based on the embedment mode information, the embedment information, and the image information. The embeddability information output device outputs determination-result information on a determination result of the embeddability determined by the embeddability determination device.
In a copy generation management on paper, the present invention aims to detect a falsification in embedded information and increase the capacity of embedded information while maintaining security. The image processing device embeds second additional information into document image data embedded with first additional information. The image processing device deletes a part where the first additional information is embedded in the document image data, and embeds the second additional information into the part of the first additional information thus deleted. The image processing device further embeds third information different from the first and second additional information at a position different from position at which the second additional information is embedded. Further, the embedding means embeds the third information at a position indicated by the second additional information.
A communication device receives and stores image data, and searches for information image data in the image data. If found, the information image data is removed, thereby shortening the image so that it can be completely reproduced on one page without compressing or clipping. The information image data may be added to the reproduced image as a watermark, or may be reinserted in a blank space in the image.
An image reading apparatus configured to read a document at a second resolution based on a result of reading the document at a first resolution generates image data with low data amount having small data amount from image data-for-save that has been read at the second resolution and transfers the image data with low data amount taking priority over the image data-for-save to an image processing apparatus. The image processing apparatus is configured to notify a user that next reading processing is acceptable when receiving of the image data with low data amount is completed. The image processing apparatus is configured to receive and store the image data-for-save according to the next reading processing instructed by the user.
An apparatus for varying a length of a flame scanner assembly for monitoring a flame includes a mounting shaft which connects to a fiber optic cable assembly; and a spool assembly having a first end and a second opposite end. The first end connects to a detector head assembly and the second end is configured to connect to a guide pipe. The second end of the spool assembly receives one end of the mounting shaft and a length of the flame scanner assembly is adjusted via telescopic interconnection between the second end of the spool assembly and the one end of the mounting shaft such that longitudinal displacement therebetween may be varied by slidable displacement of the mounting shaft relative to the spool assembly.
A print system with scanner with diagnostic system including one or more image capture modules mounted in a body, such that the imaging modules scan a diagnostic area around the print mechanisms to capture a representative image of said diagnostic area. The one or more image capture modules mounted in the body in fixed relation to the diagnostic area being operative to capture a stream of the representative images of the diagnostic area in order to generate output leading to recommended corrective actions.
To authenticate an authentication reference apparatus, authentication information generation reference data is transmitted to the authentication reference apparatus. First authentication reference data generated by the authentication reference apparatus using the authentication information generation reference data is acquired from the authentication reference apparatus. Second authentication reference data is generated using key information complying with a method of generating the first authentication reference data and the authentication information generation reference data. The first authentication reference data is compared with the second authentication reference data. The authentication reference apparatus is authenticated based on the comparison result.
An image reading apparatus for reading a document placed on a document positioning plate using a reading sensor unit mounted on a carriage includes a rack member provided in an apparatus body and having rack teeth provided along the moving direction of the carriage, a pinion gear rotatably disposed on the carriage and meshed with the rack teeth, a motor mounted on the carriage and driving the pinion gear, an urging member disposed between the carriage and the reading sensor unit and urging the reading sensor unit toward the document positioning plate, a guide rail provided in the apparatus body and guiding movement of the carriage, and a guide portion provided on the carriage and engaged with the guide rail, wherein the guide portion is pressed toward the guide rail by receiving a reaction force of the urging member at the carriage.
There is disclosed a process and apparatus for scanning imaged storage photo-stimuable phosphor plates including automatic gain capabilities once scanning of the thus imaged plate is initiated permitting preliminary reading of a portion of the storage foil or photo-stimuable phosphor imaging plate to determine pixel values for evaluation within a predetermined range, and adjusting the gain if such pixel value is outside the predetermined range by modifying the high voltage supply setting and thence to complete generation of a computer stored image having maximum depth of field.
An image reading apparatus reads image information of an original document to produce image data having different data sizes. An image converting section converts the image information into a plurality of items of image data. A display section displays a plurality of items of information on the plurality of items of image data. A selecting section allows selecting of one of plurality of items of image data.
An image processing apparatus performs a first edge determination to determine whether each pixel is an edge of a black character or a thin black line based on a pixel signal of a predetermined color in each pixel included in multi-valued image data. The image processing apparatus determines whether to achromatize a pixel signal of each pixel included in the multi-valued image data based on a result of the first edge determination, and achromatizes a pixel determined to be achromatized. The image processing apparatus performs a second edge determination for determining whether each pixel is an edge based on a pixel signal of a color different from the predetermined color in each pixel included in the multi-valued image data. The image processing apparatus corrects the multi-valued image data based on a result of the second edge determination after completing achromatization of the pixel determined to be achromatized.
A method for correcting color shift in an imaging system, including an imaging object, and a standard color conversion lookup table associated with the imaging object, includes measuring a plurality of test patches to obtain color data associated with the imaging object. A signature color data lookup table is generated, based on the color data, and is combined with the standard color conversion lookup table to generate a composite color conversion lookup table for use with the imaging object.
An integrated planar optical device having a holographic pattern based on digital planar holography [incomplete sentence]. The device consists of a semiconductor substrate that supports a plurality of planar optical elements and a lower cladding layer. The lower cladding layer supports a light-propagating and distributing layer, embedded into which is a plurality of interconnecting pattern elements of a holographic pattern intended for controlling properties and directions of light beams propagating to and from the aforementioned planar optical elements in accordance with the holographic pattern. This is achieved by providing specific positions, shapes, and a refractive index of pattern elements that are different from the refractive index of the material of the layer that contains these elements. The method of designing and manufacturing the aforementioned pattern is described.
A passive all optical polarization switch and apparatus and methods for implementing logical operations using the switch is provided. The switch converts a first polarized beam having a polarization angle equals to or nearly equals to ±45 degrees into a beam equal to or nearly equal to the vertical component of the first polarized beam. The switch converts a second polarized beam having a polarization angle equals to or nearly equals to ±45 degrees into a beam equal to or nearly equal to the horizontal component of the second polarized beam. The switch combines the vertical component of the first polarized beam and the horizontal component of the second polarized beam to produce an output polarized beam. The switch is used to implement all optical polarization logic gates.
A method of controlling an element of an array of individually controllable elements. The method includes varying a frequency of a driving voltage with which the element is driven.
The present embodiments relate to a film filter and a flat panel display having the same capable of improving visibility and bright room contrast ratio. The film filter of the present embodiments comprises: first and second electrode layers disposed to be opposed to each other; a support layer having a hole and disposed between the first electrode layer and the second electrode layer; and a blind member disposed on the hole and of which transmittance is changed depending on electric field applied from the external.
An electro-optical device includes a controller, a reference current source, a correction current source, a combining unit, and an electro-optical element. The controller generates a reference current control signal defining a first period during which a reference current is output, and a correction current control signal defining a second period during which a correction current is output, the second period being shorter than the first period. The reference current source generates the reference current based on the reference current control signal. The correction current source generates the correction current based on the correction current control signal. The combining unit combines the reference current and the correction current to generate a driving current. The electro-optical element emits an amount of light corresponding to the driving current. The controller generates the reference current control signal and the correction current control signal so that the second period is shorter than the first period.
There is provided an optical device including a plurality of polarizers that are arranged along a propagation direction of incident light, where the plurality of polarizers have transmission axes of substantially the same direction, a phaser that is provided between the plurality of polarizers, where the phaser has a retarded-phase axis forming a predetermined angle with the transmission axes of the plurality of polarizers, and a phase modulator that is provided adjacent to the phaser along the propagation direction, where the phase modulator has a retarded-phase axis of substantially the same direction as the retarded-phase axis of the phaser. Here, a phase difference generated in the incident light by the phase modulator is temporally adjusted such that the optical device transmits light in different wavelength ranges at different timings.
A micromirror device includes a first member, a second member, joining members joining the first and second members, and a spacer placed between the first and second members. The spacer includes a first surface in surface contact with the first member, a second surface parallel to the first surface and in surface contact with the second member, at least one first through hole, and second through holes, the first and second through holes extending between the first and second surfaces. The joining members include at least one first joining member accommodated in the first through hole and second joining members accommodated in the second through holes. The first through hole restrains movement of the first joining member in any direction parallel to the first and second surfaces. The second through holes allow movement of the second joining members in at least one direction parallel to the first and second surfaces.
Diffractive patterns are disposed on a MEMS substrate in the gaps between the MEMS micromirrors to reduce backreflection of light leaking through the gaps and reflected by the MEMS substrate. The diffractive patterns are silicon surface-relief diffraction gratings or silicon oxide gratings on silicon substrate. Sub-wavelength gratings are used to suppress higher orders of diffraction; 50% duty cycle surface relief gratings on a substrate having index of refraction close to 3 are used to suppress both reflected and transmitted zero orders of diffraction simultaneously. The gratings have lines running parallel or at a slight angle to the gaps, to prevent the diffracted light from re-entering the gaps.
A digital micromirror device (“DMD”) is used to alter the shape of light that is projected onto a stage. The DMD selectively reflects some light, thereby shaping the light that is projected onto the stage. The control for the alteration is controlled by an image. That image can be processed, thereby carrying out image processing effects on the shape of the light that is displayed. One preferred application follows the shape of the performer and illuminates the performer using a shape that adaptively follows the performer's image. This results in a shadowless follow spot.
The WDM optical transmission system using distributed Raman amplification, before starting operation of main signal light, transfers a plurality of lights having different wavelengths to that of the main signal light (for example Raman amplification pump lights or the like) between first and second optical transmission devices connected to opposite ends of a transmission line, monitors transmission line input and output power for each light, calculates a transmission line loss in each wavelength using the monitor results, and specifies a type of the transmission line based on a loss wavelength characteristic that can be estimated from the calculation result. Then the power of pump light provided to the transmission light is optimized in accordance with the type of transmission line.
A light amplifying device including a Raman amplifier to Raman-amplify a signal light by inputting excitation lights of a plurality of wavelengths to a transmission path through which the signal light propagates, a plurality of measuring units measuring powers of light output from the Raman amplifier in a plurality of wavelength bands included in an amplification band of the Raman amplifier, a calculating unit calculating a ratio of the respective powers measured by at least two of the plurality of measuring units, and a control unit controlling a power ratio of the respective excitation lights input to the transmission path by the Raman amplifier based on the ratio calculated by the calculating unit.
A light amplifying device including a Raman amplifier to Raman-amplify a signal light by inputting excitation lights of a plurality of wavelengths to a transmission path through which the signal light propagates, a plurality of measuring units measuring powers of light output from the Raman amplifier in a plurality of wavelength bands included in an amplification band of the Raman amplifier, a calculating unit calculating a ratio of the respective powers measured by at least two of the plurality of measuring units, and a control unit controlling a power ratio of the respective excitation lights input to the transmission path by the Raman amplifier based on the ratio calculated by the calculating unit.
An optical signal processing apparatus includes an input unit to which signal light is input; a wave coupling unit that couples the signal light from the input unit and pump light having a waveform different from that of the signal light; a first nonlinear optical medium that transmits light coupled by the wave coupling unit, the light being the signal light and the pump light; a dispersion medium that transmits the light that has been transmitted through the first nonlinear optical medium; and a second nonlinear optical medium that transmits the light that has been transmitted through the dispersion medium.
The surgical microscope system includes a first binocular microscope and a first display device. The first binocular microscope includes an objective lens, a first right ocular lens which provides a first image based on a light flux transmitted through the objective lens, and a first left ocular lens which provides a second image based on a light flux transmitted through the objective lens. The first display device can be disposed opposite to or in alignment with the first binocular microscope, and includes a first right-eye image display surface for displaying the first image and a first left-eye image display surface for displaying the second image. The first display device can be reversed about a horizontal axis extending in a direction along which the first right-eye image display surface and the first left-eye image display surface are located in alignment.
Polarization preserving front projection screens and diffusers provide optimum polarization preservation for stereoscopic 3D viewing, as well as improved light control for enhanced brightness, uniformity, and contrast for both 2D and 3D systems. Generally, the disclosed screens direct light from a projector toward viewers within a diffusion locus, while maintaining optimum gain characteristics. More specifically, light incident on a region of the front projection screen from a predetermined projection direction is reflected by an engineered surface to a predetermined diffusion locus after undergoing substantially single reflections. The engineered surface, comprised of generating kernels, is used to optimally diffuse illumination light into a range of viewing angles, within the diffusion locus, with suitable gain profile, while optimally preserving polarization for 3D applications. Such a screen, when combined with matched polarization analyzing eyewear, provides extremely low cross-talk from any observation point.
An optical diffusing sheet is provided, which prevents deterioration in image quality which might result from warping of the sheets due to environmental changes, and is capable of, even if a substrate is broken by an accident, preventing scattering of pieces of the broken substrate. An optical diffusing sheet is used in a transmission type screen that emits imaging light projected from an incident side to an emergent side. The optical diffusing sheet includes a highly rigid substrate layer with a light-transmissibility and a high rigidity, and a plurality of layers laminated on the highly rigid substrate layer. The plurality of layers includes at least a pair of anti-scattering layers disposed on opposite sides of the highly rigid substrate layer for preventing scattering of the highly rigid substrate layer. At least one layer of the two or more layers includes an optical diffusing element that diffuses imaging light.
The present invention relates to a retractable frame of projection screen comprises, a receiving case; a cylinder; a supporting arm; a main retractable arm; and an upper support; when folding, the upper support is downwardly pressed, then the cylinder retractable arm is forced to inwardly retract by the cylinder and the driven retractable arm is inwardly retracted toward the main retractable arm until the cylinder retractable arm is fully received in the cylinder and the driven retractable arm is fully received in the main retractable arm, so the projection screen, the upper support, the supporting arm, the connecting member and the main retractable arm are received in the accommodating space.
A combined retardation optical device includes a first retardation optical plate and a second retardation optical plate. The second retardation optical plate contains a flat portion and a multi-step portion. This multi-step portion has several step-like flat surfaces with predetermined heights. The flat portion contacts with the first retardation optical plate. Both the first retardation optical device and the second retardation optical plate are made by birefringent materials. This invention is easy to switch to different retardation condition for observation. Plus, there is no need to adjust or replace any element.
Arrangements for combination and fast-axis alignment of fast-axes of diode-laser beams are disclosed. Alignment arrangements include providing each diode-laser with a corresponding alignable fast-axis collimating lens, providing individually alignable mirrors for steering an re-orienting beams from each diode-laser, and providing single diode-laser slab-modules in which the diode-laser beams can be pre-aligned to a common propagation-axis direction, and in which edges and surfaces of the slabs can be used to align the fast and slow-axes of the beams. Beam combination methods include combination by dichroic elements, polarization-sensitive elements, and optical fiber bundles.
An imaging device for automatic dust removal is provided. The imaging device may include a glass layer and an electrostatic particle removal system associated with the glass layer. The electrostatic particle removal system may include an induction layer configured to induce a charge to a particle located between the glass layer and the electrostatic particle removal system, a field grid layer configured to provide an electric field for moving the charged particle, and a collector configured to collect the charged particle moved by the electric field.
Apparatus for forming a single or a plurality of threedimensional optical traps, the apparatus comprising: a. A collimated light source that is directed onto an array of focalizing refractive or diffractive elements providing a single or a plurality of focal areas, and b. An array of reflective elements, placed opposite to the said focalizing elements described in a), which reflect back the light into the said focal area. The invention also relates to a method for using this apparatus.
The present invention relates to an optical security marking component producing a first visible configuration when observed through a polarizer oriented in a first orientation, and a second configuration, separate from the first, visible when observed through the polarizer oriented in a second orientation, the optical component comprising a stamped film for forming at least two diffraction gratings having different orientations, characterized in that each of said gratings has a period of less than 550 nm and a modulation between 0.25 and 0.5 relative to a reference plane.
A resin composition includes a binder component having at least one of a monomer and an oligomer of one or more of a fluorine system and a silicone system having a polymerizable functional group in a molecule. The resin composition also includes fine metal oxide particles, and a polymerization initiator. The fine metal oxide particles include particles selected from the group of zinc oxide, indium oxide, tin oxide, antimony oxide, tin-doped indium oxide (ITO), antimony-doped tin oxide (ATO), zinc-doped indium oxide (IZO), aluminum-doped zinc oxide (AZO), and fluorine-doped tin oxide (FTO).
The present disclosure relates to an optical member and an optical device including the optical member. More particularly, the present disclosure relates to an optical member whose surface is configured to be an antireflection concave-convex structure for suppressing reflection of incident light, and an optical device including the optical member.
The present invention provides an antireflection concave-convex structure having an excellent environmental resistance.
An exemplary compound lens includes a rigid light pervious layer, a first plastic lens, and a second plastic lens. The rigid light pervious layer includes a first surface and a second surface opposite to the first surface. The first plastic lens is attached on the first surface, and is comprised of a first material. The second plastic lens is formed on the second surface, and is comprised of a second material. A refractive index of the first material is different from that of the second material. An optical axis of the first plastic lens is in alignment with an optical axis of the second plastic lens.
A rotatable optical beamsplitter comprises an optically-transparent material and a partially-reflective layer. The optically-transparent material has a unitary spherical exterior surface. The partially-reflective layer is located at least partially within the optically transparent material. The spherically shaped optical beamsplitter demonstrates reduced optical distortion.
An optical beamsplitter comprises an optically-transparent material and a partially-reflective layer therein. The optically-transparent material has a cylindrically shaped exterior surface which provides advantages.
A lens and its method of making. The lens includes a material having a lower index of refraction and a material having a higher index of refraction arranged in a pattern such that the lens has a gradient effective index of refraction.
An optical lens arrangement including a lens barrel having a monolithic structure and including a first, a second, a third, and a fourth contact region having a common axis, a liquid lens having a structure containing a first conductive liquid and a second insulating liquid, both liquids immiscible, having different refractive indices and meeting each other at a liquid-liquid interface the curvature of which is controllable by a voltage applied to first and second electrode, wherein the structure has first and second fixed lenses in contact respectively with one of the liquids, and a third fixed lens, wherein outer edges of the first, second and third fixed lenses are positioned in contact with respective first, second and third contact regions of the lens barrel to align the first, second and third fixed lenses with each other, and wherein the fourth contact region contacts an edge of the liquid-liquid interface.
The present invention is directed to a wide-angle zoom lens that attains the field of view ranging from 80 to 115 degrees in field angle with the zooming power of 2× or even higher, and that is capable of approximately compensating for various types of aberration such as spherical aberration, aberration of distortion, astigmatism and the like. The wide-angle zoom lens of multi groups of lens pieces, namely, a 1st lens group of negative refractivity, a 2nd lens group of negative refractivity, and a 3rd lens group of positive refractivity varies the power from the wide-angle end to the telephoto end with the 1st and 2nd lens groups coming closer to each other, and the 2nd and 3rd lens groups being varied in interval therebetween. The zoom lens attains the widest field of view of 80 degrees or over in field angle in the relations as expressed in the following formula:
where fw is a focal length of the entire optics when the zoom lens gets set at the wide-angle end, and ft is the focal length of the entire optics at the telephoto end.
A zoom lens includes a first lens group having a positive refractive power, a second lens group having a negative refractive power, a third lens group having a positive refractive power, and a fourth lens group having a positive refractive power, which are disposed in order from an object along the optical axis, wherein the third lens group comprises: a pre-group, which has a first positive lens, a negative meniscus lens having a convex surface facing the object, a second positive lens, and which has a positive refractive power; and a negative meniscus lens having a convex surface facing the object, which are disposed in order from the object; at least one of three surfaces of an object side and image side lens surfaces of the first positive lens and an object side lens surface of the negative meniscus lens is aspherical; and at least one of three surfaces of an object side lens surface of the second positive lens, and an object side and image side lens surfaces of the negative meniscus lens is aspherical.
A pickup lens is provided with various aberrations corrected satisfactorily, with a short optical length, and with a sufficient back focus secured.
A display comprises a backlight comprising a plurality of individually-controllable light emitters, a light modulator comprising a plurality of individually-controllable elements, and, a retro-reflective optical layer positioned between the backlight and the light modulator. The retro-reflective optical layer is configured to pass light incident thereon at an angle with respect to a normal to the retro-reflective optical layer of less than a threshold angle φ, and reflect light incident thereon at an angle with respect to a normal to the retro-reflective optical layer of greater than φ in a direction opposite and generally parallel to an incoming direction of incident light.
A telephoto lens having a vibration proof function is provided and includes: in order from an object side of the telephoto lens, a first lens group having a positive refractive power; a second lens group having a negative refractive power; and a third lens group having a positive refractive power. The second lens group is moved along an optical axis thereof to perform focusing. The third lens group includes a 3a-th group having a positive refractive power and a 3b-th group having a negative refractive power in the order from the object side. The 3a-th group is moved in a direction orthogonal to the optical axis to correct an image vibration of a taken image. The telephoto lens satisfies a specific conditional expression.
A lens module includes a first lens and a second lens. The first lens includes a first central round portion and a first peripheral portion. The first peripheral portion has a first radially extending portion surrounding the first central round portion, and a first axially extending portion extending from the first radially extending portion. The first radially extending portion has a plurality of through holes defined therein. The second lens includes a second central round portion and a second peripheral having a second radially extending portion surrounding the second central round portion, and a second axially extending portion extending from the second radially extending portion. The second axially extending portion fittingly engaged in the first axially extending portion. The second axially extending portion and the first lens cooperatively define an inner space. The through holes are in communication with the inner space.
A lens driving device, comprises a base; a casing fixed to the base; a coil bracket disposed within the casing; a coil wound on the coil bracket, a spring disposed within the casing, a drive rod; and a lens holder; wherein, one end of the spring is fixed to the base; one end of the drive rod is fixed to the other end of the spring, and the other end of the drive rod extends out of the casing. The lens holder is slidably fixed to the exposed portion of the drive rod. The lens holder is held stationary with respect to the drive rod by static friction between the drive rod and the lens holder. A driving signal may be applied to the coil to move the lens holder. The driving signal has the characteristic of making the current flowing through the coil slowly increase and then rapidly decrease, or to rapidly increase and then slowly decrease. The drive current is preferably a sawtooth pulse train, with each pulse causing movement of the lens holder in the micron range or below.
An apparatus, system, and method are disclosed for dynamic tape stick and tape break detection. A first counter increments a first count and resets a second count in response to a sensor pulse from a first sensor of a first tape servo. A second counter increments the second count and resets the first count in response to a sensor pulse from a second sensor of a second tape servo. A detection module detects either the first count or the second count exceeding an error threshold.
A head evaluation method obtains a first measured result indicating a change in read data, by writing data on and reading data from the disk rotated at a first speed, and reading the data from the disk rotated at a second speed higher than the first speed while maintaining a floating amount of a head the same as that when the disk is rotated at the first speed. A second measured result indicating a change in read data is obtained by writing data on and reading data from the disk rotated at the second speed, and reading the data from the disk rotated at the first speed while maintaining the floating amount of the head the same as that when the disk is rotated at the second speed. The head is evaluated based on the first and second measured results, and a primary factor of a characteristic change of the head depending solely on a transfer rate is evaluated.
A disk drive includes a disk having a track that includes a data sector divided by a servo sector so that a first data sector portion is on a first side of the servo sector, and a second data sector portion is on a second side of the servo sector. The disk drive reads data by: positioning the head at a first offset position with respect to the track and reading data from the data sector. When a read error occurs between the first and second data sector portions, the disk drive: stores the data from the first data sector portion in memory, moves the head to a second offset position with respect to the track, reads data from the second data sector portion with the head at the second offset position, and stores the data read from the second data sector portion in the memory.
A hard disk drive that stores data on a disk. An overshoot duration is used to write data onto the disk. The value of the overshoot duration is a function of the data rate, which can vary for different areas of the disk. For example, the data rate can be higher at an outer diameter of the disk than at an inner disk diameter. The overshoot duration can therefore be different when writing data at the outer diameter than the duration used to write data at the inner diameter. The data rate can be determined by analyzing a preamble of the data written onto the disk.
Embodiments of the present invention provide disk controller operable to facilitate the efficient storage and retrieval of multiple content (data) streams to magnetic disk media. This disk controller includes an interface module, a memory module, and a processing module. The interface module is operable to couple the disk controller to a hard disk drive. The memory module and processing module in combination are operable to execute instructions that detect the geometry associated with the hard disk drive. Then the disk controller is operable to determine when the hard disk drive geometry supports assigning unique RW heads to unique content (data) streams. When the hard disk geometry supports assigning unique RW heads to unique content (data) streams, RW heads may be preferentially reserved or assigned to unique content streams wherein the RW heads are able to write unique content streams to memory locations within the hard disk drive, wherein these memory locations may be contiguous or near contiguous.
A tape drive system which includes the ability to reliably reproduce LPOS information even if both of the servo channels of the tape drive system could not detect the LPOS information due to defects. The system recognizes that an LPOS sequence is sequentially incremented by one if a tape is moving in a forward direction and decremented by one if the tape is moving in a backward direction. This sequential property of the LPOS information lends itself to LPOS prediction, where the LPOS prediction is the previous LPOS value plus one if the tape is moving forward and the previous LPOS value minus one if the tape is moving backward. Even if the LPOS words from the two servo channels are both bad, but not all of the bits in the LPOS word are bad. The system uses the remaining good bits from the two servo channels to verify all of the bits of the LPOS prediction word.
A recording method for a disk device includes the following steps. Sequential data is written into the medium along the track in a predetermined radial direction. Information indicating an end position along the track where the end of the sequential data is written into is stored. The information is read when additional sequential data is to be written into the medium. The additional data is written from a position along the track next to the end position indicated by the information in the predetermined radial direction. The information is updated so as to indicate an end position along the track where the end of the additional sequential data is written into.
The present invention provides a magazine-based data cartridge library that, in one embodiment, comprises a plurality of shelves that are capable of holding a plurality of data cartridge magazines, one or more drives, a magazine transport for moving magazines within the cabinet, and a cartridge transport for moving data cartridges between a magazine and a drive.
A method for manufacturing a hard disk drive is described. The method includes providing a motor assembly, the motor assembly comprising a stationary portion and a rotatable portion for rotating a magnetic disk with respect to said stationary portion and providing a base for receiving the motor assembly. The method further includes providing an adhesive for mounting the motor assembly to said base wherein the adhesive is electrically conductive and mounting the stationary portion of the motor assembly to the base utilizing the adhesive such that the adhesive provides a low resistance path between the base and the motor assembly.
A micromachined mover includes a rotor substrate and a stator substrate. A suspension is configured to couple the rotor substrate to the stator substrate and allow relative movement therebetween in a plane of the substrates. The suspension is positioned on an interior portion of the substrates.
A hard disk drive is disclosed with a slider including a wide track eraser for erasing neighboring tracks and the servo patterning around a track on the accessed disk surface. Using the wide track eraser reduces the time to erase a disk surface by at least a factor of N, where N is at least 4, and may preferably be successively larger to at least 64. Embodiments include the slider, a head gimbal assembly, a main flex circuit, an integrated circuit for the main flex circuit for stimulating the wide track eraser, a head stack assembly including the main flex circuit coupling through the head gimbal assembly to the wide track eraser, a control circuit, and a processor within the control circuit controlling the stimulus of the wide track eraser to erase part or all of a disk surface.
A thin film, perpendicular write head for use with recording media with or without a soft under layer is disclosed. The present invention comprises an tapered auxiliary pole, situated below the main write pole and separated from the write pole by a lower non-magnetic gap. The auxiliary pole alleviates problems such as erasure after write, and cross track stray erasure fields, associated with operating conventionally designed perpendicular writes heads with media having no soft under layer.
A magnetic head includes a magnetic pole for writing. The magnetic pole is formed by laminating a first magnetic layer and a second magnetic layer so as to sandwich a write gap on the magnetic pole end side. The second magnetic layer is formed to be laminated on the write gap in a region in which the write gap is provided. The second magnetic layer is laminated on an insulating layer via an adhesive layer in a region other than the write gap.
A removable hard disk drive storage system includes a data storage cartridge having a write protect switch, and a reader configured to couple to and read data from the data storage cartridge. The reader includes a physical block that aligns with the write protect switch of the data storage cartridge. The physical block aligns with the write protect switch of the data storage cartridge to prevent the reader from coupling to the data storage cartridge when the write protect switch is in a write protect position.
A tape cartridge includes a housing and a length of magnetic tape disposed within the housing. Additionally, the tape cartridge includes at least one cartridge memory chip disposed within the housing and at least one RFID reader operably connected to at least one of the cartridge memory chips and configured to write at least one message to the cartridge memory chip based on a received RFID signal.
A head slider is mounted at the mounting area on a plate-shaped gimbal in a head suspension. A swelling is formed on the load beam. A viscoelastic body is interposed between the load beam and the gimbal. The back surface of the gimbal is received on the swelling. The head slider on the gimbal is allowed to change its attitude on the swelling. When the gimbal is received on the viscoelastic body, the viscoelastic body serves to suppress the vibration of the gimbal, namely the head slider.
A load bending part includes a pair of first elastic plate parts and a second elastic plate part. The pair of first elastic plate parts are elastically deformed in a bended manner so as to generate a first pressing load. The second elastic plate part is positioned between the pair of first elastic plate parts in the suspension widthwise direction in a state of having both ends in its longitudinal direction connected to a pair of support pieces of a supporting part, and are elastically deformed in a twisted manner around a twist axis line along the suspension widthwise direction so as to generate a second pressing load. The total of the first and second pressing loads functions as a load for pressing the magnetic head slider toward the disk surface against air pressure due to rotation of a disk surface.
A magnetoresistive element includes a magnetoresistive film including a magnetization pinned layer, a magnetization free layer, an intermediate layer arranged between the magnetization pinned layer and the magnetization free layer, a cap layer arranged on the magnetization pinned layer or on the magnetization free layer, and a functional layer formed of an oxygen- or nitrogen-containing material and arranged in the magnetization pinned layer, or in the magnetization free layer, and a pair of electrodes which pass a current perpendicularly to a plane of the magnetoresistive film, in which a crystalline orientation plane of the functional layer is different from a crystalline orientation plane of its upper or lower adjacent layer.
A substrate for suspension which is produced at low costs and can sufficiently attain the prevention of damage by electrostatic discharge and restraint of noises. The substrate for suspension includes: a metallic substrate, an insulating layer formed on the metallic substrate and having an opening from which the metallic substrate is exposed, a grounding-wiring layer formed on the insulating layer and arranged near the opening, and a ground terminal formed in the opening and contacting the metallic substrate and the grounding-wiring layer. The ground terminal is made of a metal having a melting point of 450° C. or lower.
A magnetoresistive element includes a magnetoresistive film including a magnetization pinned layer, a magnetization free layer, an intermediate layer arranged between the magnetization pinned layer and the magnetization free layer, a cap layer arranged on the magnetization pinned layer or on the magnetization free layer, and a functional layer arranged in the magnetization pinned layer, in the magnetization free layer, in the interface between the magnetization pinned layer and the intermediate layer, in the interface between the intermediate layer and the magnetization free layer, or in the interface between the magnetization pinned layer or the magnetization free layer and the cap layer, and a pair of electrodes which pass a current perpendicularly to a plane of the magnetoresistive film, in which the functional layer is formed of a layer including nitrogen and a metal material containing 5 atomic % or more of Fe.
A hard disk drive (HDD) includes a base including a voice coil motor (VCM) which drives an actuator, a cover combined with an upper surface of the base, and a magnetic leakage flux reducer adjacent to the VCM to reduce a magnetic leakage flux leaked from the VCM. Therefore, the HDD includes a simple structure to be made light and reduces the magnetic leakage flux which affects the VCM.
Embodiments of the present invention help to reduce out-of-plane excitation force exerted on a coil in a voice coil motor of a magnetic disk drive, so that vibration of a magnetic head is suppressed. According to one embodiment, a voice coil motor has a flat magnet that faces a coil, and generates a magnetic field, and yokes that apply the magnetic field generated by the magnet to the coil. The magnet is provided with a magnetic flux guiding section, absorbing leakage flux from the magnet, on a most distal end of the magnet as viewed from a pivot axis. A most distal part of the coil as viewed from the pivot axis, may be situated in an outer side with respect to the most distal end of the magnet, and the magnetic flux guiding section is provided between the most distal end of the magnet and the most distal part of the coil.
A method for reducing thin film media layer thickness while maintaining adequate magnetic recording performance includes providing a substrate comprising a rigid support structure, depositing a soft underlayer on top of the substrate, depositing an interlayer on top of the soft underlayer and depositing a exchange break layer on top of the interlayer, wherein the exchange break layer comprises a flash layer of RuTi and a seed layer of Ru. The flash layer is deposited in place of a pure Ru layer, thereby reducing the amount of Ru deposited as well as decreasing the thickness of the overall intermediate layer. The magnetic performance of the media is maintained with the substitution of a RuTi flash layer for a pure Ru layer.
A magnetoresistive device of a CPP (current perpendicular to plane) structure includes a magnetoresistive unit sandwiched between a first substantially soft magnetic shield layer from below, and a second substantially soft magnetic shield layer from above, with a sense current applied in a stacking direction. The magnetoresistive unit includes a non-magnetic intermediate layer sandwiched between a first ferromagnetic layer, and a second ferromagnetic layer. At least one of the first and second shield layers is configured in a window frame of a planar shape, including a front frame-constituting portion and a back frame-constituting portion partially comprising a combination of a nonmagnetic gap layer with a bias magnetic field-applying layer. The combination of the nonmagnetic gap layer with the bias magnetic field-applying layer forms a closed magnetic path with magnetic flux going all the way around the window framework, turning the magnetization of the front frame-constituting portion into a single domain.
An extraordinary magnetoresistive sensor (EMR sensor) having a lead structure that is self aligned with a magnetic shunt structure. To form an EMR sensor according to an embodiment of the invention, a plurality of layers are deposited to form quantum well structure such as a two dimensional electron gas structure (2DEG). A first mask structure is deposited having two openings, and a material removal process is performed to remove portions of the sensor material from areas exposed by the openings. The distance between the two openings in the first mask defines a distance between a set of leads and the shunt structure. A non-magnetic metal is then deposited. A second mask structure is then formed to define shape of the leads.
The invention provides a magnetoresistive device with the CPP (current perpendicular to plane) structure, comprising a nonmagnetic intermediate layer, and a first ferromagnetic layer and a second ferromagnetic layer stacked and formed with said nonmagnetic intermediate layer interposed between them, with a sense current applied in the stacking direction, wherein each of said first and second ferromagnetic layers comprises a sensor area joining to the nonmagnetic intermediate layer near a medium opposite plane and a magnetization direction control area that extends further rearward (toward the depth side) from the position of the rear end of said nonmagnetic intermediate layer; a magnetization direction control multilayer arrangement is interposed at an area where the magnetization direction control area for said first ferromagnetic layer is opposite to the magnetization direction control area for said second ferromagnetic layer in such a way that the magnetizations of the said first and second ferromagnetic layers are antiparallel with each other along the width direction axis; and said sensor area is provided at both width direction ends with biasing layers working such that the mutually antiparallel magnetizations of said first and second ferromagnetic layers intersect in substantially orthogonal directions. It is thus possible to obtain a magnetoresistive device that, while the magnetization directions of two magnetic layers (free layers) stay stabilized, can have high reliability, and can improve linear recording densities by the adoption of a structure capable of narrowing the read gap (the gap between the upper and lower shields) thereby meeting recent demands for ultra-high recording densities.
An MR element includes a first ferromagnetic layer, a second ferromagnetic layer, a spacer layer disposed between the first and second ferromagnetic layers; and an antiferromagnetic layer disposed on a side of the first ferromagnetic layer farther from the spacer layer. The antiferromagnetic layer is disposed away from a detection surface. The first ferromagnetic layer includes: a first portion having an end face located in the detection surface and a rear end opposite to the end face; and a second portion located away from the detection surface and connected to the rear end of the first portion. The first portion has a first surface touching the spacer layer, and a second surface that is opposite to the first surface and that does not touch the antiferromagnetic layer. The second portion has a third surface touching the antiferromagnetic layer, and a fourth surface opposite to the third surface. The distance between the first surface and the second surface is smaller than the distance between the third surface and an imaginary plane including the first surface.
The invention provides a magnetoresistive device with the CPP (current perpendicular to plane) structure, comprising a magnetoresistive unit, and a first shield layer and a second shield layer located and formed such that the magnetoresistive unit is sandwiched between them, with a sense current applied in a stacking direction, wherein said magnetoresistive unit comprises a nonmagnetic intermediate layer, and a first ferromagnetic layer and a second ferromagnetic layer stacked and formed such that said nonmagnetic intermediate layer is interposed between them, wherein said first shield layer, and said second shield layer is controlled by magnetization direction control means in terms of magnetization direction, and said first ferromagnetic layer, and said second ferromagnetic layer receives action such that there is an antiparallel magnetization state created, in which mutual magnetizations are in opposite directions, under the influences of magnetic actions of said first shield layer and said second shield layer. It is thus possible to achieve an antiparallel magnetization state for two ferromagnetic layers (free layers) with simple structure yet without being restricted by the material and specific structure of an intermediate film interposed between the two ferromagnetic layers (free layers). Further, it is possible to make improvements in linear recording densities by the adoption of a structure capable of making the “read gap length” (the gap between the upper and lower shield layers) short (narrow) thereby meeting recent demands for ultra-high recording densities. Furthermore, it is possible to obtain stable magnetoresistive changes so that much higher reliability is achievable.
A system and method for protecting a hybrid electric vehicle propulsion energy storage pack from an overvoltage condition is described. The energy storage pack includes a plurality of energy storage cells electrically connected in series and electrically coupled with a vehicle direct current (DC) bus. The system includes one or more overvoltage detection circuits, a disconnect circuit and one or more connection verification circuits. The one or more voltage detection circuits detect an overvoltage condition across a subset of the plurality of energy storage cells. The disconnect circuit electrically decouples the energy storage pack from the DC power bus upon detection of an overvoltage condition across the subset of the plurality of energy storage cells. The one or more connection verification circuits verify that the overvoltage detection circuit is electrically coupled to the subset of the plurality of energy storage cells.
The present invention provides a current limiting module and a hybrid current limiter using different kinds of superconducting wires. The current limiting module includes a first superconducting wire that is wound in a predetermined direction, and a second superconducting wire that has quench characteristic different from the first superconducting wire and is wound to generate magnetic flux in a direction opposite to magnetic flux induced by the first superconducting wire. According to the present invention, inductance is generated due to unequal supply of fault current. Therefore, it is possible to prevent current from being suddenly increased, and to reduce the number of superconducting wires required to manufacture the current limiting module. Further, the hybrid current limiter does not need to include a separate coil for operating a fast switch.
A ground fault detector and interrupter for a photovoltaic (PV) energy conversion system, method and apparatus are disclosed. In an exemplary embodiment, the system includes first and second inputs adapted to couple to a first and second rails of a PV array. An inverter is configured to convert DC power generated from the PV array to AC power. A ground fault detector and interrupter, which is coupled to the first and second rails and to the inverter, is configured to detect ground fault conditions in the PV array and to decouple the PV array from the remaining portion of the PV energy conversion system upon such detection. A known signal is coupled to the input of the ground fault detector and interrupter, and then sensed at the output of the ground fault detector and interrupter to determine whether components of the ground fault detector and interrupter are operating properly.
Disclosed is a protection circuit for protecting a rectifier circuit from electrostatic pulses. The circuit employs a first bypass capacitor that is connected between positive and negative power lines to bypass electrostatic pulses that have a rise time that allows the diodes to conduct and prevent damage to the diodes as a result of reverse biasing, and a second bypass capacitor that is connected between an input node and the negative power line to discharge the electrostatic pulses that have a rise time that is faster than the turn-on times of the diodes. Connection of the bypass capacitors at locations close to the rectifying diodes minimizes the effects of stray inductance that affects the operation of the rectifier circuit in response to fast rise time transient pulses.
ESD protection for a portable electronic device is provided by sandwiching a metal ground layer between prepreg (i.e., FR4 or other non-conductive PCB material) layers to form an ESD preventive PCB structure, where the metal ground layer is electrically connected to one or more of the integrated circuit (IC) components (e.g., at least one controller die, a non-volatile memory die, oscillator and passive components) that are mounted on the PCB by way of conductive via structures, and is accessible by way of one or more conductive anchor hole structures to external grounding structures. The one or more conductive anchor hole structures are positioned such that the metal ground layer is automatically electrically connected to the chassis ground of a host system when the portable device is coupled to a plug structure of the host system, e.g., by way of a metal connector jacket.
An electronic device includes an operation circuit, a positive input terminal, a negative input terminal, a resistor, and a field effect transistor. The negative input terminal is used for cooperating with the positive input terminal to receive an input voltage. The field effect transistor includes a source connected to the positive input terminal, a drain connected to the operation circuit, and a gate connected to the positive input terminal and the operation circuit via the resistor.
The present invention provides an electrical power distribution system that includes a first primary distribution panel (PDP) connected to a first source of electrical power and a second PDP connected to a second source of electrical power. The second PDP is connected to the first PDP by a conductor. A first ELCU receives signals corresponding to the flow of current through the first PDP to a load. A second ELCU receiving signals corresponding to the flow of current between the first PDP and the second PDP and a third ELCU receives signals corresponding to the flow of current between the second PDP and the first PDP. The first, second and third ELCUs protect the electrical power distribution system from a variety of fault conditions.
A current limiter circuit in an IC having a power transistor and an output current detection circuit connected in series with the power transistor. A comparator, a first reference voltage generator circuit and a second reference voltage generator circuit are also included in the current limiter circuit. The comparator generates a control signal for stopping a drive of the power transistor for a predetermined time. The comparator generates the control signal according to a detection signal obtained by the output current detection circuit and a second reference voltage obtained by the second reference voltage generator circuit when the output current of the power transistor reaches a predetermined value larger than the predetermined limit value. The first reference voltage generator circuit is provided externally of the IC and the second reference voltage generator circuit is included within the IC.
A phase locked loop (PLL) circuit includes a first signal detector having a first input terminal configured to receive a varying first input signal, a second input terminal configured to receive a feedback signal that corresponds to the center of the input frequency, and an output terminal configured to provide an output signal corresponding to a phase difference between the first input and feedback signals. A delay estimator has an input terminal configured to receive the output signal from the first phase detector and in response thereto, output a phase difference estimation signal. A variable delay circuit has an input terminal configured to receive the phase difference estimation signal and in response thereto, phase shift the second input signal.
Driving is made possible in a moving range equivalent to or wider than the conventional range, with a driving voltage having a range smaller than a pull-in voltage. An electronic element includes a fixed portion, and a movable portion which is movable with respect to the fixed portion and which is provided to generate a spring force to make restoration to a predetermined position. The fixed portion is provided with a first driving electrode and a first signal electrode. The movable portion is provided with a second driving electrode and a second signal electrode. An electrostatic force is generated between the first driving electrode and the second driving electrode by a voltage applied therebetween so that the electrostatic force resists against the spring force; and the first and second driving electrodes and the first and second signal electrodes are arranged so that the electrostatic force is generated in a direction in which a spacing distance between the first and second signal electrodes is widened.
Provided is a multilayer ceramic capacitor including external electrodes which also functions as a resistive element, and the external electrodes achieve strong bonding with internal electrodes containing Ni or a Ni alloy. The external electrodes include a resistive electrode layers contacting a ceramic laminate and internal electrodes. The resistive electrode layers contains a complex oxide which reacts with Ni or a Ni alloy contained in the internal electrodes in a proportion of 26 to 79% by weight, a glass component in a proportion of 20 to 56% by weight, and metal which reacts with Ni or a Ni alloy in a proportion of 1 to 18% by weight.
The present invention provides a supercapacitor comprising: a) a positive electrode member comprising a solid material comprising pores and an electrically conductive current collector element bonded to said positive electrode member, wherein the pores comprise a non-flowing liquid comprising a first redox reagent; b) a negative electrode member comprising a solid material comprising pores and an electrically conductive current collector element bonded to said negative electrode member wherein the pores comprise a non-flowing liquid comprising a second redox reagent; and c) a separator member disposed between the positive electrode member and the negative electrode member, wherein the separator member comprising an ion exchange membrane, wherein the positive electrode member and the negative electrode member are bonded to opposite interface surfaces of the separator member.
A solid electrolytic capacitor in which the withstand voltage can be enhanced and a manufacturing method thereof are provided. A mixed powder is prepared by mixing a first powder containing at least one selected from the group consisting of a valve metal, an alloy of a valve metal, a metal oxide of a valve metal, and a metal nitride of a valve metal and a second powder containing a metal oxide different from the first powder. An anode is made by sintering the mixed powder. A dielectric layer is formed on a surface of the anode, and a cathode is formed on the dielectric layer.
An electronic module for a trip device has been optimised so as to integrate the known functionalities, in particular threshold parameter setting, current measurements, voltage taps, read-out display and communication. An electromagnetic actuator is further present in the electronic module to optimise breaking of the associated circuit breaker. The space occupation constraints inherent to location of the trip device in existing switchgear units have been respected.
A housing, comprises: a first housing part, one side of which is an opening, including a hook member having a hook at its tip and projected from an inner surface thereof; and a second housing part, one side of which is an opening, having an engagement recess to be engaged with the hook, wherein the openings of the first housing part and the second housing part are closed by engaging the engagement recess and the hook to make a closed space inside, the hook member has a recess to which a release member is insertable from an outer surface of the first housing part, an engagement state of the hook and the engagement recess is released by bending the hook member by the release member inserted into the recess of the engagement recess.
With a cover structure of the present invention, a cover body includes a cover portion that is large enough to cover a terminal portion and a shaft portion whose one end is connected to the cover portion and whose cross section is oval, a casing includes a bearing portion in which the shaft portion is fitted loosely, and the bearing portion has a inner diameter larger than a shaft diameter of a major diameter portion of the shaft portion and includes an opening portion that is larger than a shaft diameter of a minor diameter portion of the shaft portion and smaller than the shaft diameter of the major diameter portion. With this configuration, the cover body can be smoothly shifted from an opened state to a closed state and a portion to be covered can be covered properly. Furthermore, the assembling workability of the cover structure can be improved.
A rack-mounted, combined KVM switch with console is described. The combined KVM switch with console is attached to the rack by affixing the switch to two front posts of the rack. The monitor and input module of the console are hinged to the switch so that they can be independently swiveled. The user may easily position the monitor and the input module in various different positions for various purposes. A first locking mechanism releasably locks the input module to a horizontal position, and a second locking mechanism releasably locks the monitor to a vertical position.
A computer comprises an upper housing, a lower housing, and a flexible sheet disposed between the housings. The sheet covers an area of least one of the housings. The sheet comprises an outer skirt that fits within a receiving portion in at least one of the housings thereby forming a seal around an edge of the computer.
A portable information terminal is provided which includes: a first panel with a first flat board unit including a first accommodating unit and a first hinge unit; a connecting unit including a button unit on one or more surfaces thereof, a first portion of the connecting unit configure to be accommodated in the first accommodating unit so as to be rotatably connected to the first hinge unit; and a second panel which includes a second flat board unit with a second accommodating unit for accommodating a second portion of the connecting unit, and a second hinge unit configured to be rotatably connected to another side of the connecting unit.
The invention is to provide a motherboard expansion device that expands the possibility to use non-portable computers in different applied systems and allows them to operate with a plurality of external devices.
A memory stick cover is configured to be used by a consumer for receiving and protecting the connector of a memory stick when the memory stick is being transported and otherwise not in use. The memory stick cover is removable from the connector end and placed over the opposite end of the memory stick when the memory stick is connected to a computer. The memory stick cover of the present invention is somewhat of a novelty item as it may be configured of a moldable material such as rubber. Alternatively, it may consist of a hard-covered material with a rubber or other pliable material insert, the insert being configured to receive and protect the male connector of the memory stick.
A module is inserted from an aperture of a parts support apparatus into a part support hole, and further pushed into a cavity innermost the part support hole until a insertion side end portion is engaged in the cavity. After the module is engaged into the part support hole, an effect of force of dropping off upward the module from contact points inside on upper and lower surfaces is suppressed by the cavity, and the module can be supported by the parts support apparatus only. After the attachment of the module, a projection unit provided on the lower surface of a housing of a body device lowers with the housing, touches an end surface opposite the insertion side of the module to protect the module from dropping off the cavity in the horizontal direction.
The present invention relates to a server device which comprises a case having two symmetric slots disposed on the top and a first handle disposed in each of the slots to make it easier to lift up the server device, a horizontal partition disposed in the case and dividing the inner space of the case into upper and lower parts, wherein the upper part is a first holding space capable of holding at least an electronic device, a first heat dissipation unit is disposed at the front of the electronic, the lower part of the case is a second holding space capable of holding at least a server, and a second heat dissipation unit may be disposed at one side of the second holding space, such that a plurality of servers, electronic devices and heat dissipation units may be integrated into the server device for easily and conveniently being moved.
Some embodiments of a method, apparatus and computer system are described for vortex generator enhanced cooling. The computer system may include a housing and an apparatus. The apparatus may include one or more vortex generators coupled to a heat spreader and positioned in close proximity to an electronic component, and a flow of air to provide for an exchange of thermal energy, where the flow of air is provided by a configuration of the housing, and where the one or more vortex generators may promote turbulence to enhance the exchange of thermal energy of the electronic component. In some embodiments, an air mover may be used to increase the flow of air in the housing. Other embodiments are described.
A gap adjusting jig for heat dissipation is suitable to hold at least a heat source of a plate-shaped module. The gap adjusting jig for heat dissipation includes a first heat dissipation plate and a second heat dissipation plate and at least a gap adjusting element. A gap is formed between the first and second heat dissipation plates. The heat source is suitable to be provided in the gap and lean against the first and second heat dissipation plates. The gap adjusting element is connected between the first and second heat dissipation plates. The gap adjusting element is suitable to adjust the gap between the first and second heat dissipation plates to enable the first and second heat dissipation plates to hold the heat source.
A cooling device for memory module is held onto a memory module and includes a first cooling assembly, a second cooling assembly, and a fastener. In the invention, the first cooling assembly includes a cooling plate and a vapor chamber, in which cooling fins are formed at one side of the cooling plate, at upper side of which engaging parts are formed. One inner side of the cooling plate is attached to one side of the vapor chamber, while another side is attached to the memory module. The second cooling assembly also includes a cooling plate and a vapor chamber. Cooling fins are formed at one side of the cooling plate, at upper side of which engaging parts are formed. When the two cooling plates are fixed correspondingly, all cooling fins are aligned correspondingly, and the engaging parts are engaged to each other. In the meantime, at least one fastener is applied for clamping and fixing the first and second cooling assemblies together. Thereby, two sides of the memory module are provided with vapor chambers capable of rapid heat conduction to boost the cooling efficiency of the entire cooling device.
A notebook computer comprises a base casing, a display casing hingeably coupled to the base casing, and a plurality of support members disposed in each of said base casing and said display casing around a perimeter of the casings. When the display casing is closed, the support members in the display casing align with the support members in the support members in the base casing.
An exemplary housing includes a first cover, a second cover for coupled with the first cover, a trigger, two movable latches, a first resilient member, two second resilient members, and two extending arms. The first cover includes two engaging portions. The trigger is disposed on the second cover and slidable along a first direction. The movable latches are disposed on the second cover and slidable along a second direction. Each movable latch includes an engaging portion for engaging the engaging portions of the first cover. The resilient members are configured for resetting the trigger and the movable latches. The extending arms are rotatably connected to the trigger and the movable latches. A slide of the trigger forces the movable latches to slide, thus making the engaging portions of the first cover and the movable latches engage or disengage each other.
An electronic equipment enclosure includes a frame structure at least partially enclosed by a plurality of panels defining a compartment in which one or more electronic components are mounted and an exhaust air duct that is adapted to segregate hot air being exhausted from the compartment from cool air entering the compartment, thereby improving thermal management of the enclosure. The exhaust duct includes a lower duct section extending upward from the top panel of the compartment and an upper duct section telescoping upward from an upper end of the lower duct section. Each duct section includes four panels connected together by hinged corner fittings such that the section is collapsible. The upper duct section includes an outwardly flared portion.
Some embodiments of a method, apparatus and computer system are described for inverted vortex generator enhanced cooling. In various embodiments an apparatus may comprise a first surface comprising at least one heated component, a second surface in proximity to the first surface, the second surface comprising a non-heated surface, and one or more inverted vortex generators attached to the non-heated surface, a portion of the one or more inverted vortex generators in proximity to and configured to dissipate heat from the at least one heated component. Other embodiments are described.
In one example, an electronic module includes a printed circuit board and a housing at least partially enclosing the printed circuit board. The printed circuit board includes a heat-generating component. The housing includes a first case and a second case attached to the first case. The first and second cases cooperatively define a sealed cavity containing a fluid. The second case includes a thermal contact structure positioned proximate to the heat-generating component.
An electronic element packaging is provided, the unit is formed with a colloid layer in a predetermined shape, and a chipset is adhered and mounted inside the colloid layer and comprises a predetermined chip and a conductor so that the unit is packaged without any substrate, thereby the costs of substrate use and design being decreased when the unit is fabricated. No consideration of the difference of heat expansion coefficient of the chip from that of substrate is made, thereby the reliability being increased and the service life being prolonged.
A heat transfer film includes a heat transfer layer formed of a first constituent material containing C (carbon) for transferring heat in an in-plane direction thereof and a layer thickness direction thereof; and a strain relaxation layer formed of a second constituent material and laminated on the heat transfer layer for relaxing a strain in the heat transfer layer. The first constituent material includes a graphite, and the second constituent material includes an amorphous material.
A thermal module includes a heat sink disposed on a contact surface of the heat source, a mounting bracket having first and second ends, a fastening member, a pressing member, and at least one clip. The mounting bracket surrounds the heat source. The first end has at least one latch portion. The second end has at least one mounting slot and at least one first opening in communication with the mounting slot. The fastening member is slidably mounted in the mounting slot. The clip spans the heat sink and has two ends respectively engaged with the latch portion and a portion of the fastening member respectively. The pressing member includes a pressing tightly engaged with the clip and urges the heat sink when an operation portion of the pressing member is rotated from the first predetermined position to the second predetermined position.
A mounting device includes a chassis, a transfer card electronically connected to a motherboard, and a mounting bracket assembly. The mounting bracket assembly includes a clamping member and a fastening member. The clamping member clamping a first end of the transfer card and restricting movement of the transfer card in a first direction. The fastening member fastening an opposite second end of the transfer card to restrict movement of the transfer card in a second direction perpendicular to the first direction.
According to one aspect of the invention, there is provided an electronic apparatus having a circuit board supporting structure, the circuit board supporting structure including: a casing including a first body and a second body, the first body having a first boss portion, the second body having a second boss portion; a jig including a cylindrical portion having, and a flange portion formed on an outer periphery, the cylindrical portion configured to slidably receive the first boss portion and the second boss portion in an inner peripheral wall; and a circuit board disposed in the casing. The first and second boss portions are configured to be fastened by a bolt member; the circuit board has a hole and a joining region provided around the hole, the hole configured to allow the cylindrical portion to penetrate therethrough; and the joining region is configured to be soldered to the flange portion.
A holding member, for an electronic component inserted into a through hole provided in an electronic circuit board which includes a plate-shaped base that is fixed to the electronic component, a first leg and a second leg. The first leg extends from the base, and is inserted into the through hole. The first leg has a catch that projects laterally and outwardly with respect to an inserting direction in which the first leg is inserted into the through hole and locked with an edge of the through hole after the first leg is inserted. The second leg extends from the base and is inserted into the through hole together with the first leg. The second leg elastically deforms when the second leg comes into contact with an inner surface of the through hole, presses the first leg to an opposite side inner surface of the through hole, and elastically holds the catch in a state in which the catch is locked with the edge of the through hole after the second leg is inserted.
A three-dimensional module having a first substrate holding a function element, and a second substrate holding other components. The first and second substrates are laid one above the other in a three-dimensional fashion, and are electrically and mechanically connected. The module has inter-substrate joining members interposed between the first and second substrates and joining the first and second substrates. Each inter-substrate joining member has a stress-absorption member and an electrically conductive stress-absorption member. The stress-absorption member has elasticity and mechanically joining the first and second substrates. The electrically conductive stress-absorption member connects the first and second substrates and can deform in a desirable direction.
Coupling reliability of a passive component is improved to increase the reliability of a semiconductor device. A first through hole is formed in a first electrode part of a first plate-like lead, and a second through hole is formed in a second electrode part of a second plate-like lead. As a result, at the first electrode part of the first plate-like lead, one external terminal of the passive component can be coupled to the first electrode parts on both sides of the first through hole while being laid across the first through hole. Also, at the second electrode part of the second plate-like lead, the other external terminal of the passive component can be coupled to the second electrode parts on both sides of the second through hole while being laid across the second through hole. Accordingly, at central portions both in the longitudinal and width directions of the passive component, the passive component is surrounded by sealing members. As a result, thermal stress applied to jointing materials such as solder can be reduced, improving the reliability of the semiconductor device (semiconductor package).
A shield casing, which is configured to surround an electronic component mounted on a circuit board, includes a frame body including an engagement recess and a lid body including a hook unit configured to engage with the engagement recess. The lid body is fitted to the frame body to cover the frame body. The hook unit is elastically deformable in a second direction that is opposite to a first direction in which the lid body is fitted to the frame body as the lid body is fitted to the frame body, and then snaps into mating engagement in the engagement recess.
A portable wireless device such as a foldable portable telephone is provided.
An automotive headlamp apparatus is provided with a light source for producing a high beam and a controller for controlling illumination from the light source. Given that at least a portion of a high beam illumination area illuminated by the light source is vertically divided into a plurality of blocks, the controller controls illumination from the light source such that a plurality of first regions having a predetermined horizontal width are formed at least in some of the blocks toward the bottom, and that a second region having a greater horizontal width than the first regions is formed in the block toward the top.
An automotive headlamp apparatus includes a light source for producing a high beam and a headlamp apparatus controller for controlling illumination from a light source. The headlamp apparatus controller divides a light distribution pattern of a high beam formed by illumination from the light source into a plurality of regions and controls illumination from each of the individual regions as divided so as to supplement a light distribution pattern of a low beam.
A light source module of light emitting diode includes a substrate having circuits, a light-converted component, and several of light emitting diodes. The light-converted component includes a transparent substrate and a fluorescence material layer positioned on the transparent substrate. The fluorescence material layer is divided into a central region and several of surrounding regions surrounding the central region. The central region has a greatest concentration of fluorescence material. The concentration of fluorescence material in the surrounding regions decreases from the center to the outer periphery of the fluorescence material layer. The light emitting diodes form an array and are positioned on the substrate between the substrate and the fluorescence material layer. Each of the light emitting diodes is electrically connected to the circuits.
The present invention aims to realize a technique to make precise chromaticity changes over a wide range in an LED illumination apparatus based on a white LED light, and comprises a first LED; a package for accommodating said first LED; a transparent medium for filling said package, said transparent medium containing a fluorophore which generates a white light when said first LED emits light; and a plurality of LEDs, wherein said first LED and the plurality of LEDs respectively have different dominant wavelengths.
A method for operating a lighting control console for controlling a lighting system includes generating digital adjustment commands in the lighting control console. The digital adjustment commands are transmittable via data connections to lighting devices of the lighting system. The lighting control console includes at least one digital processor and at least one digital memory for generating, managing and storing the adjustment commands. The lighting control console further includes at least one display unit, and wherein graphical elements can be displayed graphically for the operator on the display unit. The display unit includes a touch-sensitive sensor surface, wherein touching the touch-sensitive sensor surface in the area of a contact surface on the display unit enables an operator input associated with each of these contact surfaces to be selected. Detection of contact with the touch-sensitive sensor surface in the area of a first contact surface associates a first operator input with the first contact surface. Detection of simultaneous touching of the touch-sensitive sensor surface in the area of at least a second contact surface associates a second operator input with the second contact surface. The first and second operator inputs are then processed further.
Provided is a light source assembly that may facilitate the coupling and the replacement of light source units, and may thus reduce the manufacturing time, and a liquid crystal display (LCD) having the same. The light source assembly includes a light source unit, a circuit board, and a supporting plate. The light source unit includes at least one light source chip, a first terminal connected to the light source chip, and a housing accommodating the light source chip therein and having at least one fixing protrusion on one side thereof. The circuit board includes a second terminal that is connected to the first terminal and transmits a driving voltage. The light source unit is mounted on the second terminal. The supporting plate is disposed on the circuit board and includes an opening into which the light source unit is inserted. At least a portion of the housing is fixed to the circuit board through the opening.
A flashlight for mounting on a helmet is provided. The flashlight includes a mount that is configured to be readily attachable to the brim of a variety of helmets. The flashlight includes a forward facing light to provide illumination and a rearward facing light for identifying the user.
An animated light with dynamic ornamental effects is composed of a lamp holder attached by a lampshade to form a basic structure, a flicker flame bulb installed on the lamp holder, and one or more projection objects having proper shapes and transparent colors that are settled between the flicker flame bulb and the lampshade. Thereupon, when the light is lighted, the flicker of the flicker flame bulb can project the projection objects to a surface of the lampshade in a vivid and dynamic form so that present animated and dynamic images can be presented according to the shapes and colors of the projection objects so as to provide novel and entertaining ornamental effects that contribute to festival atmosphere.
A compact emergency lighting system installed or preinstalled into a standard component of a building, comprising: at least one tiny and high flux luminary, such as a LED, which is installed on at least one side of the standard building component and powered by a battery backing up and charging unit coupling with an AC power supply. It is relatively simple in configuration, low in cost, easy to install, more durable, space-saving, causing minimal disruption to the outlook and design of the premises and provides with an extended operation time and reduced recharging time.
A lighting apparatus having a separate control panel comprises a lamp holder and a light source module that is settled in the lamp holder. The light source module is electrically connected to the control panel through a set of wires and the control panel is settled separately from the lamp holder. Thereby, the lighting apparatus can be sized without consideration for dimensions of the control panel and therefore the lighting apparatus can be efficiently reduced in its thickness and weight.
A multi-function flashlight device in one preferred embodiment comprising a housing assembly having a tubular member for gripping the device in a user's hand, a control housing coupled to the tubular member, and a lamp housing coupled to the control housing and having a light source mounted therein. The light source has an optical axis that is substantially perpendicular to a longitudinal axis of the tubular member. Batteries are housed in the tubular member. A control panel having a keypad overlay is mounted in the control housing. The keypad overlay includes a plurality of control buttons. A driver board in the control housing receives signals from the control panel and control the operation of the light source. The plurality of control buttons are manipulable by a single digit of the user's hand while gripping the tubular member.
A lighting device is generally illustrated having a light body having forward facing light sources including a visible white light source, visible colored light source and an infrared light source. Additionally, a side facing light source is provided. The light body also includes switches for activating the visible light sources and a three-position switch for activating the IR light source and the side facing light source. A light source has a first lens. Additionally, a second lens is included in a light illumination path of the light source to focus light illumination into a desired beam. The lighting device further includes a light transparent gel disposed between the first lens and the second lens for enhancing efficiency of light transmission from the first lens to the second lens.
A multi-function flashlight device is provided in either an all white light emitting diode (LED) or a colored LED version that allows versatile functionality. The flashlight is fashioned to have an outer housing that includes both an integrated means for interfacing the flashlight with a firearm and a surface thereon that serves as a handgrip. The outer housing of the flashlight is configured to be engaged by a clamping assembly that facilitates integration of the flashlight with standard firearm accessory rail assemblies. The flashlight head includes a high-output white LED positioned centrally within an optical element such as a reflector. Should the flashlight be a colored light, four other positions are provided around the periphery of the lens that contain colored LEDs. The flashlight provides the user the ability to selectively and individually control the mode of operation for all of the LEDs contained therein.
A multi-function flashlight device is provided in either an all white light emitting diode (LED) or a colored LED version that allows versatile functionality. The flashlight is fashioned to have an outer housing that includes both an integrated means for interfacing the flashlight with a firearm and a surface thereon that serves as a handgrip. The outer housing of the flashlight is configured to be engaged by a clamping assembly that facilitates integration of the flashlight with standard firearm accessory rail assemblies. The flashlight head includes a high-output white LED positioned centrally within an optical element such as a reflector. Should the flashlight be a colored light, four other positions are provided around the periphery of the lens that contain colored LEDs. The flashlight provides the user the ability to selectively and individually control the mode of operation for all of the LEDs contained therein.
A multi-function flashlight device is provided in either an all white light emitting diode (LED) or a colored LED version that allows versatile functionality. The flashlight is fashioned to have an outer housing that includes both an integrated means for interfacing the flashlight with a firearm and a surface thereon that serves as a handgrip. The outer housing of the flashlight is configured to be engaged by a clamping assembly that facilitates integration of the flashlight with standard firearm accessory rail assemblies. The flashlight head includes a high-output white LED positioned centrally within an optical element such as a reflector. Should the flashlight be a colored light, four other positions are provided around the periphery of the lens that contain colored LEDs. The flashlight provides the user the ability to selectively and individually control the mode of operation for all of the LEDs contained therein.
A multi-function flashlight device is provided in either an all white light emitting diode (LED) or a colored LED version that allows versatile functionality. The flashlight is fashioned to have an outer housing that includes both an integrated means for interfacing the flashlight with a firearm and a surface thereon that serves as a handgrip. The outer housing of the flashlight is configured to be engaged by a clamping assembly that facilitates integration of the flashlight with standard firearm accessory rail assemblies. The flashlight head includes a high-output white LED positioned centrally within an optical element such as a reflector. Should the flashlight be a colored light, four other positions are provided around the periphery of the lens that contain colored LEDs. The flashlight provides the user the ability to selectively and individually control the mode of operation for all of the LEDs contained therein.
An incandescence lamp apparatus, comprises two or more incandescence lamps arranged in parallel to each other, each of which has a tube type glass bulb, wherein the glass bulb of each incandescence lamp has an exhaust pipe remaining portion, wherein in a plane perpendicular to a tube axis of the glass bulb, the respective exhaust pipe remaining portions of the two or more incandescence lamps are located within an envelope curve which is commonly in contact with respective outer circumferential surfaces of the glass bulbs of the two or more incandescence lamps, and wherein all of the exhaust pipe remaining portions adjacent to each other respectively overlap each other in a direction in which the incandescence lamps extend.
A multi-spectral Ultraviolet (UV) illuminator is described. The illuminator allows for the convenient reading of authentication patterns formed by UV inks. The novel illuminator is usable with inks of different spectral responses, allowing for reading many types of patterns with one device. The illuminator further provides the capability of producing multiple UV frequency illumination sequences, allowing for more complex, harder-to-counterfeit, authentication markings, such as animated patterning.
A multiparameter stage lighting apparatus is provided comprising a lamp housing, which may include a plurality of sets of light emitting diodes, each set of light emitting diodes having a plurality of colors, the plurality of sets of light emitting diodes forming an additive color mixing system. The multiparameter stage lighting apparatus may further include a plurality of pie shaped light emitting circuit boards, one light emitting circuit board for each set of the plurality of sets of light emitting diodes, each set of the plurality of sets of light emitting diodes mounted to its respective light emitting circuit board. The multiparameter stage lighting apparatus may further include a plurality of light emitting diode signaling circuit boards, one for each of the plurality of pie shaped light emitting circuit boards. Each of the plurality of light emitting diode signaling circuit boards may be connected to its corresponding pie shaped light emitting circuit boards by a corresponding one of a plurality of multiconductor cables.
A multiparameter stage lighting apparatus is provided comprising a lamp housing, which may include a plurality of sets of light emitting diodes, each set of light emitting diodes having a plurality of colors, the plurality of sets of light emitting diodes forming an additive color mixing system. The multiparameter stage lighting apparatus may further include a plurality of pie shaped light emitting circuit boards, one light emitting circuit board for each set of the plurality of sets of light emitting diodes, each set of the plurality of sets of light emitting diodes mounted to its respective light emitting circuit board. The multiparameter stage lighting apparatus may further include a plurality of light emitting diode signaling circuit boards, one for each of the plurality of pie shaped light emitting circuit boards. Each of the plurality of light emitting diode signaling circuit boards may be connected to its corresponding pie shaped light emitting circuit boards by a corresponding one of a plurality of multiconductor cables.
A motor-driven, displaceable-head floodlight unit according to one or more embodiments is described. The floodlight unit is arranged to generate a plurality of light and projection effects used in stagecraft and performances, at least several LED sources being configured as the source of light in the floodlight unit. The light emission from several LED sources is collected by at least one first mirror and deflected to a second mirror. The second mirror is arranged to collimate the light from the first mirror incident thereon and transmitting the light.
An illuminating device with LED light source includes a circuit board and an elongated arch-sectioned transparent plate. The circuit board has at least two LED lamps arranged in line. The transparent plate is located below the circuit board and is large enough to cover all the LED lamps. The arch-sectioned transparent plate is provided on an outer surface with a plurality of curved ridges, which are parallelly and closely arranged side by side. Lights emitted from the LED lamps and passed through the arch-sectioned transparent plate are condensed by the curved ridges. Therefore, the arch-sectioned transparent plate with the curved ridges forms an area light source. That is, point light sources provided by the LED lamps are converted into an elongated area light source by the curved ridges.
The invention provides a light guide exposure device comprising light emitting diodes arranged in a single array defining an array width and a flexible light guide having a proximal end and a distal end; the proximal end defining a proximal end diameter. The array is positioned in substantial alignment with the light guide proximal end to direct substantially all of the light from the array to the proximal end. There is no optical element between the light emitting diodes and the proximal end which optical element would decrease the intensity of light directed from the light emitting diodes to the proximal end. The array width is substantially equal to the proximal end diameter.
A light source assembly includes a first and a second light source modules. The first light source module includes a first light source, a first heat-dissipating base, and a first connecting part. The first heat-dissipating base has a first side and a second side. The first light source is mounted on the first side of the first heat-dissipating base, and the first connecting part extends outwardly from the second side of the first heat-dissipating base. The second light source module includes a second light source, a second heat-dissipating base, and a second connecting part. The second heat-dissipating base has a first side and a second side. The second light source is mounted on the first side of the second heat-dissipating base, and the second connecting part extends outwardly from the second side. The first connecting part is detachably and slidably engaged with the second connecting part.
According to a lighting fixture of an aspect of the present invention, only by holding the first and second strip-shaped luminous bodies on the strip-shaped luminous body holding device with the first and second strip-shaped luminous bodies being curved into a predetermined shape, the plurality of point light sources of the first strip-shaped luminous body and the plurality of point light sources of the second strip-shaped luminous body can be mounted at predetermined positions in appropriate postures (for example, such positions and postures as to illuminate a predetermined area of the front of the lighting fixture) at once. That is, each of the point light sources can be stereoscopically disposed at a predetermined position in an appropriate posture in a most expeditious manner. Also, the lighting fixture of novel visual quality capable of producing a stereoscopic effect by the real image can be provided.
An exemplary light emitting diode illuminating device includes a light emitting diode (LED) light source, a heat dissipating device, a temperature detector, a power supply and a pulse width modulator. The heat dissipating device is thermally connected to the LED light source. The temperature detector is thermally connected to the LED light source and configured for detecting the working temperature of the LED light source. The power supply is electrically connected to the pulse width modulator for providing electric power to the pulse width modulator. The pulse width modulator has a direct current (DC) output mode and a pulse output mode.
A method and apparatus are disclosed for preventing pests sensitive to light from inhabiting an enclosed area. In one embodiment, the method includes providing a strobe light configured to emit high intensity flashes of light in a continuously repeated pattern, a mounting mechanism configured to mount the strobe light in the enclosed area, and a power source configured to supply energy to the strobe light; placing the strobe light in the enclosed area in a relatively central location; providing power to the strobe light; and driving pests sensitive to light from the enclosed area.
A lighting fixture stanchion arm generally includes a housing, a guard lever supported in the housing, a switch mechanism supported in the housing and a locking pin. The housing has an entry for receiving a radial finger of a fixture head and an aperture for receiving the locking pin. The guard lever is movable from a home position to an away position by the radial finger of the fixture head upon rotation of the fixture head with respect to the housing, wherein the guard lever blocks the locking pin aperture of the housing when in the home position. The locking pin is insertable in the locking pin aperture of the housing for actuating the switch mechanism when the lever guard is moved to the away position by the radial finger of the fixture head.
An illuminating device in which stray lights are prevented and light distribution design is easy by making it possible to receive lights emitted from an LED lamp with an external reflecting mirror as much as possible is provided. A reflecting mirror having a concave reflecting surface reflecting an incident light, a light emitting element, and a lens molding a light emitting element therein and having a lens surface opposed to a light emitting surface of the light emitting element, the lens surface being in a slope shape with its central portion being projected to the light emitting element are included, and the reflecting surface of the reflecting mirror and the light emitting surface of the light emitting element are disposed to be opposed to each other with the lens surface of the lens therebetween so that light emitted from the light emitting element is reflected at the lens surface to be emitted outside the lens to be incident on the reflecting surface of the reflecting mirror.
An electronic device comprises a housing having a panel with an opening extending therethrough, a light source disposed within the electronic device and configured to transmit light through the opening, an optically-transmissive layer located on a side of the panel opposite a side of the light source and extending over the opening, and a reflective element disposed on the optically-transmissive layer and located at least partially coincident with a location of the opening.
The light emitting diode (LED) light string system includes a plurality of lamp systems. Each lamp system includes a single LED, a base, and a globe to cover the LED. The LED light string system appears similar to the conventional incandescent light string system, but instead illuminates via LEDs. Each LED is covered by the globe similar to those available in incandescent systems, which provides refraction of the illuminated LED to produce an LED light string that has the look of a conventional incandescent light string.
A light-emitting decorating device includes a framework, a light-transmitting cover and at least one light source. The framework is a hollow construction and comprises a plurality of supporting brackets and a plurality of decorating brackets provided between the supporting brackets. The light-transmitting cover is provided inside the framework, thereby the framework and the light-transmitting cover together constituting the profile of the light-emitting decorating device. The light source is provided in the interior of the light-transmitting cover. Via the above arrangement, a light-emitting decorating device can be achieved, thereby generating a better visual effect and adding a novel and shining effect to the whole profile.
An assembly structure of the reflector plate, especially indicates a structure which can be enveloped on the exterior of lamps in the Christmas lamp strings, to provide better light effects of reflection and blinking and form integrated assembly products rich of decoration effects. The structure is mainly including a fixing clamp, an assembling frame and a reflector plate, which utilizes the fixing clamp to fix the frame and reflector to other shaped products, and uses the assembling frame to be adjustable fixed to the fixing frame. The structure also provides the enveloped lamp groups and combined with reflector plate to adjust the assembling locations and obtain the excellent reflection and lighting effect that can conform to the expected objects of this invention.
A light-emitting diode (LED) reflector optic includes a reflector having a reflector having a plurality of reflecting surfaces, wherein each one of the plurality of reflecting surfaces is associated with at least one optical axis, each reflecting surface comprising a cross-section that is projected along a curved trajectory and a plurality of LEDs, wherein each one of the plurality of LEDs is positioned in a line parallel to the cross-section of an associated one of the plurality of reflecting surfaces and relative to the associated reflecting surface of the plurality of reflecting surfaces such that a central light-emitting axis of each one of the plurality of LEDs is angled relative to the at least one optical axis of the associated reflecting surface of the plurality of reflecting surfaces at about 90° and such that each of the reflecting surfaces redirects and collimates a light output of a respective each one of the plurality of LEDs at an angle of about 90° with respect to the central light emitting axis of each one of the plurality of LEDs, wherein each one of the plurality of reflecting surfaces receives light from each one of the plurality of LEDs from a focal distance of the associated one of the plurality of reflecting surfaces.
A plant grow light attachable to a plant pot that includes a digital timer having a plurality of preset timing positions to cycle the plant grow light on and off according to a desired lighting cycle for a particular plant.
A table lamp includes a base with a recess defined in a top thereof and a connection member extends from a surface of the recess. A rod is pivotably connected to the connection member. A shade made by semi-transparent or transparent material is pivotably connected to the rod. A first decoration member is received in the recess and a transparent cover is mounted to the recess. The shade includes an opening and an end member is removably connected with the opening. A second decoration member is received in the shade. The first and second decoration members can be replaced to meet different requirements for interior design needs.
A lighting fixture swivel joint for pivoting an upper conduit having a fixture head disposed at an upper end thereof downward with respect to a lower conduit generally includes an upper swivel joint member and a lower swivel joint member rotatably coupled to the upper swivel joint member about a plane of rotation. The upper swivel joint member includes an upper conduit receptacle defined by a longitudinal axis and being adapted to receive a lower end of the upper conduit, whereby the upper conduit is coaxially aligned with the longitudinal axis. The plane of rotation is disposed at an angle of between zero degrees (0°) and thirty degrees (30°) with respect to the longitudinal axis of the upper conduit receptacle of the upper swivel joint member
A running light is activated in response to a number of command signals that correspond to the activation of one or more vehicle lights. For example, the running light may blink when an associated turn signal blinks, may dimly illuminate when a parking light is on, and may shine brightly when a brake light is on.
The unplugged night lights, mainly comprises a base made of a soft material, a light-emitting device, a housing wrapping around the light-emitting device, and a thin-film solar cell pack. The light-emitting device is provided on the base, of which one terminal is connected to the thin-film solar cell pack. An electric energy transformed by the thin-film solar cell pack is thereby stored and supplied to the light-emitting device to give out a light source. A bottom of the base is coated with an adhesive layer to make the lamp directly adhere to the body of vehicle. Thus, it is easy to install the unplug night lamp and meets the goals of environmental protection and energy saving.
A projector unit is provided with a mechanism for changing the spatial distribution of a light beam. The projector unit includes a housing, an action element having a revolving shaft, a first diaphragm for cropping the light beam, wherein the first diaphragm is fixedly coupled to the shaft of the action element, a second diaphragm for cropping the light beam, wherein the second diaphragm is rotatingly coupled to the shaft of the action element, a first biasing element disposed between the second diaphragm and the housing, wherein the first biasing element regulates a positioning of the second diaphragm relative to the housing, and a second biasing element disposed between the first diaphragm and the second diaphragm, wherein the second biasing element regulates a spacing between the first biasing element and the second biasing element.
The attachment for a vehicle and the method for providing the attachment to the vehicle includes mounting a housing on the outside of the vehicle. The housing includes a back attachable to the vehicle, a compartment within the housing, and a lens visible from outside the vehicle. At least one or more lights is contained within the compartment between the lens and the outside of the compartment. The lens is opaque when the lights are turned off so as to conceal the lights within the compartment and the lens is visible from outside the vehicle when the lights are turned on.
An electronic display includes a light source system and a light guide system, where the light guide system emits light features laterally, i.e., from the side, at selected positions along its length. The light source system includes one or more electronically controllable light sources and further includes optical switches or other arrangements for coupling the light sources to the optical fibers or other light guides of the light guide system. The light source system can sequentially or progressively increase the selected longitudinal position at which the light feature is emitted, resulting in the appearance of movement of the light feature along the length of the light guide system.
A monolithic light engine includes a heat sink, a semiconductor light source (e.g., a light emitting diode, a plurality of semiconductor light sources), and a light conduit. The semiconductor light source includes a light-emitting top surface and a back surface thermally coupled to the heat sink. In some embodiments, the monolithic light engine includes a wavelength converter. The wavelength converter converts a first wavelength or range of wavelengths emitted from the light-emitting surface to a second wavelength or range of wavelength light. The light of the second wavelength range enters the light conduit and is transmitted along the length of the light conduit to illuminate an object placed at some distance away from the light source. The heat sink, light source, and the light conduit are mechanically, rigidly coupled (e.g., via one or more mechanical connectors) so as to form a monolithic light engine.
A side-type backlight module including a lampshade, a light guide plate (LGP), a plurality of point light sources and a reflection structure is provided. The LGP has a light incident surface disposed at an opening of the lampshade. The point light sources are disposed between the lampshade and the LGP. The reflection structure is disposed between the LGP and the lampshade, and has first light outlets, at least a second light outlet, sinks, first reflecting elements and at least a second reflecting element. The sinks are disposed corresponding to the first light outlets. The point light sources are disposed in the sinks. The second light outlet is located between and adjacent to the first light outlets. The first reflecting elements are disposed at the junctions of each first light outlet and the second light outlet. The second reflecting element is disposed corresponding to the second light outlet.
The invention comprises devices and methods for coupling a light source to a display illumination device. In one embodiment, an illumination device includes a light guide comprising a front surface, a back surface, a light coupling section configured to receive optical energy from a light source in to the light guide through said front surface or said back surface at an angle about normal to the optical energy receiving surface, and further configured to direct light through said light guide, and a light turning section configured to redirect out of the light guide at least a portion of the light received from said light coupling section, said redirected light at an angle about normal to the optical energy receiving surface.
A system and method is provided for coupling a power source across a rotation boundary. A generator converts a DC source on the stationary side of a rotation boundary to a square-wave at a determined frequency. The generator output connects through a transmission line and a first transformer to a set of stator rings. A set of rotor rings form a set of coupling capacitors with the stator rings. The rotor rings connect through a second transformer and a transmission line to a non-linear circuit capable of converting the square-wave to a DC voltage and current that can power a load on the rotating side of the rotating boundary in which the power is nearly equal to the power available from the source on the stationary side of the rotation boundary.
A converter device which is configured by connecting three converter circuits in parallel is provided between a secondary battery serving as a first power supply and a fuel cell serving as a second power supply. A control unit includes a PID control module which controls the converter device by PID control, for executing desired voltage conversion; a module for modifying the number of drive phases which changes the number of drive phases of the converter device in response to an electric power passing through the converter device; and a gain switching module which switches feedback gains in the PID control when the number of drive phases is changed.
A voltage detection device that is connected to a DC circuit to which a DC voltage is applied and that detects the DC voltage applied to the DC circuit comprises a voltage conversion means for outputting a first voltage that increases as the DC voltage increases and a second voltage that decreases as the DC voltage increases, an error detection means for detecting an error for the first voltage and the second voltage based upon the first voltage and the second voltage when the DC voltage is 0, and a voltage calculation means for correcting a difference between the first voltage and the second voltage outputted by the voltage conversion means based upon the error detected by the error detection means and calculating the DC voltage based upon the corrected difference between the first voltage and the second voltage.
In one embodiment the present invention includes a DC to DC converter device which includes an electronic circuit. The electronic circuit comprises a first comparator, a second comparator, a first switch, a first latch, and a current sensor. The inductor current includes a peak current value and a valley current value. The first comparator detects the peak current value and resets the first latch which opens the first switch. The second comparator detects the valley current value and sets the first latch which closes the first switch. The current sensor is coupled to sense an inductor current flowing through an output load, and is coupled to provide a sense voltage to the first and second comparators. In this manner, the electronic circuit provides DC to DC conversion with current control.
The power supply device of the present invention which outputs pulsed electrical current includes an inverter which converts an input voltage to high frequency AC, a rectifier which rectifies the output of the inverter and converts it to DC, and an output polarity changeover unit which, via a reactor, alternatingly turns ON and OFF the output at a positive electrode side of the rectifier and the output at a negative electrode side thereof. Moreover, this power supply device includes a current transformer including a closed magnetic circuit or coil, pierced by a first output current line in which the current at the positive electrode flows, and by a second output current line in which the current at the negative electrode flows. The directions of piercing of the output current lines through the current transformer are set so that the directions in the current transformer, in which current flows in the first and second output current lines, are the same.
A boosted auxiliary winding power supply for a switched-power converter circuit provides operating voltage for control and other circuits early in the start-up phase of converter operation. A boost circuit has an input coupled to the auxiliary winding to boost the voltage available from the auxiliary winding at least during start-up of the switched-power converter. The boost thereby provides a voltage that is greater than the voltage across the auxiliary winding during start-up of the switched-power converter. The boost circuit may be actively switched at a rate higher than a switching rate of the switched-power converter, to increase a rate of rise of the operating voltage. Polarity information, which may be provided from the switched-power converter control circuit, can be used to actively rectify the output of the auxiliary winding.
A multi-stage power supply uses a boost stage and an inverter stage to boost the voltage value of a DC power supply to a desired level, and then convert the power into an AC form. The multi-stage power supply additionally has a controller which can simultaneously control the boost stage and the inverter stage using counter-synchronous signals.
The present invention discloses a method of modulating a power supply conversion curve. The method obtains an input power and an output power of the power supply device for a conversion efficiency curve, and obtains the best efficiency value in the conversion efficiency curve, and then obtains a total load using power outputted by the power supply device, in order to adjust the best efficiency value, such that the best efficiency value is directly proportional to the total load using power, and the power supply device is operated at the best conversion efficiency to achieve the energy saving effect.
Disclosed is a high voltage inverter for converting DC power to AC power with one or more AC output phases. The inverter has for each AC output phase an AC input phase circuit comprising first and second cold cathode field emission controllable electron tubes of triode, tetrode or pentode structure. Each electron tube has a first input node for connection to a high voltage DC potential in excess of 20 KV and a second input node for connection to ground. First electron tube is serially connected between a first end of a primary winding and ground, and second electron tube is serially connected between a second end of the primary winding and ground. Control circuitry controls the electron tubes so that the first and second electron tubes alternatively conduct so as to alternately bring the first and then second end of the primary winding approximately to the potential of ground.
SRAM includes reduced swing amplifiers, such that a first reduced swing amplifier serves as a local sense amp for reading a memory cell through a short local bit line, a second reduced swing amplifier serves as a segment sense amp for reading the local sense amp, and a third reduced swing amplifier serves as a global sense amp for reading the segment sense amp through a global bit line. When reading data, a voltage difference in the local bit line is converted to a time difference by the sense amps for differentiating low data and high data, which realizes low power consumption with the reduced swing amplifiers. And, lightly local bit line is quickly discharged when reading, which realizes fast operation. Furthermore, the local bit line is discharged by the reduced memory cell, which reduces area. Additionally, alternative circuits and memory cell structures for implementing the SRAM are described.
A CAM device memory array having different types of memory cells is disclosed. A CAM device memory array is subdivided into at least two different portions, where each portion uses only one particular type of CAM cell, and each portion is dedicated to storing a particular type of data. In particular, at least one portion consists of binary CAM cells and the other portion consists of ternary CAM cells. The portions can be partitioned along the row, or matchline, direction or along the bitline direction. Since particular data formats only require predefined bit positions of a word of data to be ternary in value, the remaining binary bit positions can be stored in binary CAM cells. Therefore, the CAM device memory array will occupy an overall area that is less than memory arrays of the same density consisting exclusively of ternary CAM cells.
A semiconductor device to improve layout uniformity may include an active region formed in a substrate, a dummy active region formed in the substrate and separated from the active region, a word line crossing over the active region, and a dummy word line. The dummy word line is formed over the dummy active region to overlap at least part of the dummy active region and may have an end positioned within the dummy active region.
A method of fabricating a resistive storage device is provided. The method generally comprises providing an electrode structure stack comprising a first electrode and an electrode structure mask arranged at the first electrode, forming a support structure at least partly at the electrode structure mask, removing the electrode structure mask to leave a storage region window in the support structure, and forming a resistive storage region in the storage region window at the first electrode.
An embodiment of the invention provides an integrated circuit having a cell. The cell includes a first magnetic layer structure having a first magnetization along a first axis, a non-magnetic spacer layer structure disposed above the first magnetic layer structure, and a second magnetic layer structure disposed above the non-magnetic spacer layer structure. The second magnetic layer structure has a second magnetization along a second axis that is arranged in an angle with regard to the first axis such that by changing the direction of the second magnetization, the direction of the first magnetization along the first axis can be determined.
An electronic device includes: a first conductor; an insulative supporting film formed in a part on one surface of the first conductor; and a second conductor, one surface of which is opposed to the one surface of the first conductor and a part of which is supported by the supporting film. An air gap is formed in a region in which the first conductor and the second conductor are opposed to each other excluding the supporting film. The thickness of the supporting film is larger than a space between the first conductor and the second conductor, at least a part of which forms the air gap.
A phase change memory device includes a cell array having a phase change resistance cell arranged at an intersection of a word line and a bit line and a dummy cell configured to discharge the bit line in response to a first bit line discharge signal. A column switching unit selectively controls a connection between the bit line and a global bit line in response to a column selecting signal. The dummy cell disconnects a discharging path in response to the first bit line discharge signal in a precharge mode, and discharges the bit line in response to the first bit line discharge signal in an active mode.
A method of forming capacitorless DRAM over localized silicon-on-insulator comprises the following steps: A silicon substrate is provided, and an array of silicon studs is defined within the silicon substrate. An insulator layer is defined atop at least a portion of the silicon substrate, and between the silicon studs. A silicon-over-insulator layer is defined surrounding the silicon studs atop the insulator layer, and a capacitorless DRAM is formed within and above the silicon-over-insulator layer.
Provided is a nonvolatile semiconductor memory device which can enhance a stable control of a voltage applied to a memory cell and has excellent capability of controlling a drain voltage. The nonvolatile semiconductor memory device includes: a plurality of memory cells; a write buffer receiving data to be written to the plurality of memory cells; a count circuit searching data input to the write buffer and determining bit number of data to be simultaneously programmed to the plurality of memory cells; a write circuit supplying a write voltage to the plurality of memory cells according to the data; and a voltage regulator supplying a control voltage (Vpb) to the write circuit, wherein the voltage regulator includes a controller Counting write bit number and supplying the control voltage (Vpb) according to the counted write bit number.
A memory device and a method of reading multi-bit data stored in a multi-bit cell array may be provided. The memory device may include a multi-bit cell array including a least one memory page with each memory page having a plurality of multi-bit cells, and a determination unit to divide the plurality of multi-bit cells into a first group and second group. The first group may include multi-bit cells with a threshold voltage higher than a reference voltage. The second group may include multi-bit cells with a threshold voltage lower than the reference voltage. The determination unit may sequentially update the first group and second group while changing the reference voltage.
A memory device and a memory data reading method are provided. The memory device may include: a multi-bit cell array; a programming unit that stores N data pages in a memory page in the multi-bit cell array; and a control unit that divides the N data pages into a first group and second group, reads data of the first group from the memory page, and determines a scheme of reading data of the second group from the memory page based on the read data of the first group.
A method of programming data in a NAND flash memory device including at least one even bitline and at least one odd bitline, the method including programming N-bit data into first cells coupled to the at least one even bitline or the at least one odd bitline and programming M-bit data into second cells coupled to the other of the at least one even bitline and the at least one odd bitline, where N is a natural number greater than one and M is a natural number greater than N.
In a memory cell array, a plurality of memory cells each of which stores a plurality of bits are connected to a plurality of word lines and a plurality of bit lines and are arranged in a matrix. Control portions read a threshold level of a second memory cell adjacent to a first memory cell in the memory cell array, determine a correction level according to the threshold level read from the second memory cell, add the determined correction level to a read level of the first memory cell, and then read the threshold level of the first memory cell. A storage portion stores the correction level.
A non-volatile memory array with both single level cells and multilevel cells. The single level and multilevel cells, in one embodiment, are alternated either along each bit line. An alternate embodiment alternates the single and multilevel cells along both the bit lines and the word lines so that no single level cell is adjacent to another single level cell in either the word line or the bit line directions.
A memory device includes a memory cell array including a NAND flash cell portion including a plurality of first columns of serially-connected flash memory cells and a non-volatile random access memory (NVRAM) cell portion including a plurality of second columns of NVRAM cells. The flash memory cells and the NVRAM cells are arranged such that respective word lines are connected to flash memory cells and NVRAM cells in each of respective rows, which may correspond to page units including flash memory cells and NVRAM cells.
A nonvolatile SRAM circuit has an SRAM cell and one or two FLOTOX EEPROM cells connected to the data storage terminals of the SRAM cell. In programming to a first data level, the threshold voltage of a FLOTOX EEPROM transistor is brought to a programmed voltage level greater than a read voltage level and erasing to a second data level, the threshold voltage of the FLOTOX EEPROM transistor is brought to an erased voltage level less than the read voltage level. The nonvolatile SRAM array provides for restoring data to an SRAM cell from a FLOTOX EEPROM memory cell(s) at a power initiation and storing data to the FLOTOX EEPROM memory cell(s) to the SRAM cell at power termination. A power detection circuit for providing signals indicating power initiation and power termination to instigate restoration and storing of data between an SRAM cell and a FLOTOX EEPROM cell(s).
Disclosed is an erasing method for a flash memory device that includes erasing memory cells of a selected memory block and post-programming the erased memory cells to have a threshold voltage distribution with the lowest level that is at or near 0V. The post-programming includes first post-programming the memory block in the unit of memory block and second post-programming the memory block in the unit of word line.
A non-volatile semiconductor memory device includes: a memory cell array having electrically rewritable and non-volatile memory cells arranged; a data register circuit configured to hold write data to be written into the memory cell array; and an address decode circuit configured to decode a write address signal and control the write data-loading in the data register circuit, the address decode circuit being settable in such a multiple selection mode that the same write data is loaded in multiple registers in the data register circuit in correspondence to multiple addresses.
Embodiments are provided that include a method including providing a first pulsed gate signal to a selected memory cell, wherein the pulsed gate signal alternates between a first voltage level and a second voltage level during a time period and sensing a data line response to determine data stored on the selected memory of cells. Further embodiments provide a system including a memory device, having a regulator circuit coupled to a plurality of access lines of a NAND memory cell, and a switching circuit configured to sequentially bias at least one of the plurality of the access lines between a first voltage level and a second voltage level based on an input signal.
Provided is a semiconductor memory device, which realizes characteristic evaluation even in a case where a threshold voltage is a negative potential by a test method which is similar to a case of a positive potential. The semiconductor memory device includes a plurality of memory cells for storing data. When a test signal is input, the semiconductor memory device changes from a normal mode to a test mode for evaluating characteristics of the plurality of memory cells. The semiconductor memory device also includes: a memory cell selecting portion for selecting a memory cell; a constant voltage portion for generating a reference voltage; a constant current portion for generating a reference current; an X switch voltage switching control circuit for supplying one of an X selection signal and a voltage signal input from an external terminal to a gate of the memory cell; a Y switch portion for supplying the reference current to a drain of the memory cell selected by a Y selection signal; a comparator for detecting whether or not a drain voltage that is a voltage of the drain has exceeded the reference voltage; and a decision level changing portion for adjusting a current value of the reference current and a voltage value of the reference voltage so as to change a decision level of the comparator based on a control signal in the test mode.
Embodiments of the present invention relate to a method to operate an integrated circuit that includes a memory. The memory encompasses a first and a second threshold level. The invention further relates to integrated circuits including a memory with a first and a second threshold level and a method to determine an operating point of an integrated circuit.
An integrated circuit having a cell arrangement is provided. The cell arrangement includes at least one monitoring memory cell and at least one memory cell, wherein the at least one monitoring memory cell has a shorter retention time than the at least one memory cell. The cell arrangement further includes a detector to detect the memory status of the at least one monitoring memory cell, a comparator to compare the detected memory status of the at least one monitoring memory cell with a predefined memory status for the at least one monitoring memory cell, and a controller to control a refresh operation of the at least one memory cell dependent from the comparing result.
A data capture circuit includes strobes that track input data even when conditions arise that cause the differences in skew from interpreting data state ones and zeros. This is accomplished whether these skews arise from reference voltage variation, data pattern loading, power supply droop, process variations within the chip itself, or other causes. The differential input strobes of the data capture circuit are input into individual input buffers, each compared against a reference voltage individually, as well as a data input pin. The outputs from these buffers are maintained separate from each other all the way to the point where the input data is latched. In latching the input data, data ones are latched entirely based on input signals derived from a rising edge (both strobes and data), and zeros are latched entirely based on input signals derived from a falling edge (both strobes and data).
A semiconductor memory device, in which a plurality of data output lines are commonly used by a plurality of banks, includes a plurality of gate circuits each of which are provided at each intermediate position of the plurality of the data output lines, and is controlled to be turned on during a normal operation mode and to be turned off at least when reading data during a parallel test mode, and a comparator circuit that inputs in parallel and compares a signal of each separated part of the each data output line separated by the plurality of the gate circuit being turned off.
A nonvolatile semiconductor memory device includes an internal output line, and a page buffers. Each page buffer is coupled to at least one bitline, the internal output line, and a data input line physically distinct from the internal output line, and configured to pull the internal output line to an output drive voltage in response to a bitline voltage on one of the bitlines coupled to the page buffer.
A method for repairing degraded field effect transistors includes forward biasing PN junctions of one of a source and a drain of a field effect transistor (FET), and a body of the FET. Charge is injected from a substrate to a gate region to neutralize charge in the gate region. The method is applicable to CMOS devices. Repair circuits are disclosed for implementing the repairs.
A read-write circuit serving as a global sense amp for SBL (short bit line) DRAM is realized, wherein the read-write circuit includes a common line, such that the common line is used for connecting a read circuit, a latch circuit, a write circuit, a left select circuit and a right select circuit in the global sense amp for transferring write data to memory cells through a local sense amp and reading a stored data from the memory cells through the local sense amp. In doing so, the common line is useful for realizing a layout more effectively within a limited pitch, and also reducing area of the layout. And the read-write circuit is efficiently connected to a local sense amp in the short bit line memory architecture for reading and writing data. In addition, alternative circuits are described for implementing the read-write circuit for the short bit line DRAM.
A semiconductor storage device comprises a timing control circuit that generates a signal for controlling at least one of a read operation and a write operation; an input-signal pad; a plurality of control-signal pads; and a switch circuit coupled to at least one of the plurality of control-signal pads. The switch circuit generates a first control signal to be supplied to the timing control circuit based on a signal from the input-signal pad in a first mode.
A semiconductor integrated circuit device includes a first chip that is directly accessible from outside, a second chip that transmits and receives data to and from the first chip, the second chip being not directly accessible from outside, and a through circuit that is provided in the first chip and transmits first and second test signals input from an external device to the second chip, wherein the through circuit includes a first signal transmission path to generate a first signal by synchronizing the first test signal to a clock signal input from the external device and to output it to the second chip and a second signal transmission path to generate a second signal by synchronizing the second test signal to a test clock signal input from the external device and to output it to the second chip.
A semiconductor memory comprising an address transition detection circuit for detecting a transition of an address and outputs an address detection signal; an address input circuit for inputting an input address based upon the address detection signal; a command judgment circuit for decoding a command signal input and outputting a command judgment signal; a redundancy circuit for making a redundancy judgment based upon a redundancy judgment signal indicating timing of a redundancy judgment, wherein the redundancy circuit includes a redundancy judgment speed-up circuit for controlling an output of the redundancy judgment signal based upon a predetermined command signal.
A circuit for controlling a sense amplifier of a semiconductor memory apparatus including a sense amplifier control unit that controls an enable point of a sense amplifier control signal which is generated by an active command and a precharge command, according to whether a refresh signal is enabled. A sense amplifier driver that generates a sense amplifier driving signal in response to input of the sense amplifier control signal and a bit line equalization signal.
Some embodiments include a delay line configured to apply a delay to an input signal to provide an output signal; an input circuit configured to provide the input signal based on a first signal, such that the cycle time of the input signal is different from a cycle time of the first signal; an output circuit configured to provide a second signal based on the output signal, the second signal having a cycle time different from a cycle time of the output signal; and a controller configured to adjust the delay to control a timing relationship between the first signal and the second signal. Other embodiments are described and claimed.
A semiconductor memory device and a semiconductor memory system. The semiconductor memory device includes channels configured to transmit signals from a transmitter to a receiver, and a crosstalk compensator. The crosstalk compensator may be connected between the channels to compensate for crosstalk. The crosstalk compensator may comprise a capacitor connected in parallel between the channels, and a switching unit connected between the capacitor and one of the channels. The switching unit may control connections or disconnections between the capacitor and the channel. Therefore, the semiconductor memory device and the semiconductor memory system compensate for crosstalk occurring between transmitted signals that are out of phase with each other.
The application discloses an integrated circuit comprising: circuitry; a fusebox for storing an array of data identifying faulty elements within said circuitry; at least one fusebox controller for repairing said faulty elements in said circuitry in response to data received from said fusebox; a data communication path linking said fusebox controller with said fusebox; wherein said data stored in said fusebox is compacted data and said at least one fusebox controller comprises a data expander for expanding said compacted data received from said fusebox via said data communication path prior to repairing any faulty elements in said circuitry.
A semiconductor memory is provided which performs redundancy on a memory cell by a given bit unit, the semiconductor memory includes: a comparator circuit that compares an input address and a redundancy address; a judgment circuit that judges whether to perform the redundancy based on a compared result, wherein the judgment circuit outputs a plurality of redundancy judgment signals that indicates whether to perform redundancy for each portion obtained by dividing the given bit unit by n which is an integer equal to or greater than two.
Embodiments relate to semiconductor devices and methods for fabricating semiconductor devices. According to embodiments, a semiconductor device may include a bit line and a bit line bar. The device may also include a precharge controller that may generate a precharge control signal, and NMOS transistors and PMOS transistors to precharge the bit line and the bit line bar in response to the precharge control signal. According to embodiments, a precharge speed of a bit line in a semiconductor device may be improved and an operating cycle time of a memory device may also be improved.
A memory system is provided that manages thermal conditions at a memory device level transparent to a memory controller. The memory systems comprises a memory hub device integrated in a memory module, a set of memory devices coupled to the memory hub device, and a first set of thermal sensors integrated in the set of memory devices. A thermal management control unit integrated in the memory hub device monitors a temperature of the set of memory devices sensed by the first set of thermal sensors. The memory hub device reduces a memory access rate to the set of memory devices in response to a predetermined thermal threshold being exceeded thereby reducing power used by the set of memory devices which in turn decreases the temperature of the set of memory devices.
In a semiconductor device equipped with a nonvolatile memory, using a simple configuration, a write operation and the like are reliably made feasible even when stability of power supply from an external component is inhibited. The semiconductor device includes a nonvolatile memory core including a nonvolatile memory and a switch for switching a power supply mode for supplying power to the nonvolatile memory core between a first mode in which power is supplied from an external power supply and a second mode in which power is supplied from an accumulation device used as a back-up power supply. The nonvolatile memory core outputs a status signal indicating an operation state of the nonvolatile memory core, and the switch switches the power supply mode according to an operation state of the nonvolatile memory core that the status signal indicates.
A memory system is provided that provides memory system power reduction without reducing overall memory system performance. The memory system comprises a memory hub device integrated in a memory module. The memory hub device comprises a command queue that receives a memory access command from an memory controller via a memory channel at a first operating frequency. The memory system also comprises a memory hub controller integrated in the memory hub device. The memory hub controller reads the memory access command from the command queue at a second operating frequency. By receiving the memory access command at the first operating frequency and reading the memory access command at the second operating frequency an asynchronous boundary is implemented. Using the asynchronous boundary, the memory channel operates at a maximum designed operating bandwidth while the second operating frequency is independently decreased to reduce power being consumed by the set of memory devices.
A nonvolatile latch circuit that exhibits improved the performance of a system is presented. The nonvolatile latch circuit is capable of storing all kinds of the states generated during the operation of the system as non-volatility information. The nonvolatile latch circuit is capable of restoring the previous state where of power is unexpectedly interrupted when the system is re-booting. The present invention includes an input control unit, a data control unit, a storage control unit, a clock control unit, a data transition detecting unit, and a data output unit.
An apparatus is disclosed for mixing salt with a liquid to generate a salt slurry for spreading on a road surface for snow and ice control. The apparatus includes a chute having an inlet and an outlet, the inlet receiving therein the salt. The chute defines a passageway which is disposed between the inlet and the outlet. A first roller is disposed adjacent to the outlet of the chute, the first roller having an axis of rotation and a first and a second end. A second roller has a first and second extremity, the second roller being disposed adjacent to the outlet of the chute. The second roller has a rotational axis which is disposed parallel to the axis of rotation of the first roller. The rollers cooperate with each other so that the chute guides the salt between the rollers. An arrangement is provided for rotating the rollers relative to each other such that when the salt is guided between the rotating rollers, crushing of the salt is permitted. Also, a device is provided for selectively moving the axes of the rollers towards and away from each other such that when the rollers are rotated relative to each other, the crushing of the salt is controlled. A control device selectively controls a flow of the liquid into the chute so that the liquid mixes with the salt for generating the salt slurry. A rotatable spinner is disposed below the rollers for receiving and spreading the generated salt slurry on the road surface.
A cement mixing method for mixing cement used in cementing oil wells casing and the mixer used in that method. The mixer employs a straight bulk cement inlet, five annular recirculation jet and five annular water jet orifices located downstream of the recirculation jets so that all of the jets discharge at an angle towards the mixing chamber. The five annular recirculation jets are located in alternating longitudinal alignment within the mixing chamber relative to the five annular water jets. This five jet, intersecting flow design allows for more thorough wetting of the cement powder with a smaller, lighter, less expensive and more durable mixer that is less inclined to foul and easier to clean.
A cement mixing method for mixing cement used in cementing oil wells casing and the mixer used in that method. The mixer employs a straight bulk cement inlet, five annular recirculation jets and five annular water jet orifices located downstream of the recirculation jets so that all of the jets discharge at an angle towards the mixing chamber and the discharge from the water jet orifices intersects with the flow from the recirculation jets. This five jet, intersecting flow design allows for more thorough wetting of the cement powder with a smaller, lighter, less expensive and more durable mixer that is less inclined to foul and easier to clean.
A mixing machine includes a mixer body including a head portion that extends over a bowl receiving location. An output member extends downward from the head portion toward the bowl receiving location. A drive system is linked to the output member for effecting planetary rotation of the output member. A bowl guard support is at an underside of the head portion. The bowl guard support provides a circular support path in the form of a groove extending about a periphery of the bowl guard support. A bowl guard assembly includes a housing member and a catch member extending from a surface of the housing member. The catch member is received within the groove to maintain a vertical position of the bowl guard assembly while permitting rotation of the bowl guard assembly. The catch member is movable relative to the housing member and is biased into the groove to seat therein.
Disclosed is a food blender. The blender comprises an epicyclic gear set so that at least one of the beater moves along a hypotrochoid trace and rotates along its axe at the same time. The blender provides a better mixing result comparing to food blenders in prior arts.
A mixer includes a housing having one or more augers therein. The augers are turned so that they lift the material being mixed upwardly. Fixed on the side walls, which include baffles, are one or more deflectors which impart a downward motion on the mixture being mixed so that the mixture is tumbled upwardly by the augers and downwardly by the deflectors.
The present invention provides a Positioning on One Device (POD) for locating and tracking objects and an autonomous ultrasound indoor track system (AUITS) and method for locating objects by using the POD. The AUITS can comprise: a tag device installed on a mobile object, which includes radio frequency (RF) and ultrasound transmitters for transmitting RF and ultrasound signals; and a POD for receiving the RF and ultrasound signals transmitted from the tag device to locate the mobile object. The POD can comprise: a plurality of leaf modules, each of the leaf modules including a positioning signal receiver for receiving the positioning signals (e.g. ultrasound signal) transmitted from the tag device, wherein there is a known structural topology relationship between the plurality of leaf modules. Then, the positioning signal detection times from respective positioning signal receivers and the structural topology relationship of the POD can be used for calculation of the position of the object. Compared with the prior arts, the POD and the AUITS system of the present invention presents several advantages, such as high accuracy, easy deployment, calibration free, low cost, in-device coordination, and flexibility.
An electronic timepiece includes a reception unit that receives satellite signals transmitted from positioning information satellites and acquires time information and positioning information, a time zone information storage unit that stores region data dividing geographical information containing time difference information into a plurality of regions, and time difference information contained in each region, a time difference information acquisition unit that extracts the region containing the positioning information acquired by the reception unit from the region data, and acquires the time difference information contained in that region, and a time calculation unit that calculates the current time based on the time difference information acquired by the time difference information acquisition unit and the time information acquired by the reception unit. The region data stored in the time zone information storage unit including region data dividing the geographical information into a plurality of regions, and region data further dividing each region that contains a plurality of time difference values into a plurality of regions.
Apparatus and methods are disclosed for assembling a wall clock having physically separate time indicators onto a wall surface in an accurate and repeatable manner. A plurality of time indicators are temporarily attached to a transfer sheet, each time indicator having a back surface with an adhesive. The time indicators are pre-arranged in a clock pattern on the transfer sheet, such that when the transfer sheet with indicators is placed against a wall surface, the time indicators adhere to the wall surface by way of the adhesive, enabling the transfer sheet to be removed with the time indicators remaining in the clock pattern on the wall surface. The system further includes a clock mechanism having one or more hands configured for placement on the wall surface in operative relation with the time indicators.
An alarm clock includes a processor and a plurality of stored audio message files in data communication with the processor. The processor is in data communication with an audio source, a speaker, a display, a user input, and a clock. The alarm clock includes a case containing these components. The processor includes programming to actuate the display to visually present time data from the clock, actuate the speaker to audibly present a first audio message file at a first alarm time, actuate the speaker to audibly present audio from the audio source after the speaker audibly presents the first audio message file, and actuate the speaker to audibly present a second audio message file at a second alarm time, actuate the speaker to audibly present audio from the audio source after the speaker audibly presents the second audio message file.
A write-once recording medium is provided, which comprises a management information area for recording management information for managing a recorded state, and a user data area for recording user data. The user data area is configured to contain at least one recording area. At least one session is configured to contain at least one of the at least one recording area. The management information contains range information indicating a recording range of the at least one recording area and identification information for identifying the recording area located at a boundary of the session.
A data managing method for an optical disc drive writing data into an optical disc having defects is provided. The optical disc has a user data area and a spare area. The optical disc drive includes a first buffering space and a second buffering space. The data managing method includes: when the first buffering space receives a data corresponding to a defect, not suspending the first buffering space from receiving the user data, and transferring the data, corresponding to the defect and in the first buffering space, to the second buffering space; and when data amount in the second buffering space reaches a predetermined value, suspending the optical disc drive from writing data in the first buffering space into the user data area, and driving the optical disc drive to write data in the second buffering space into the spare area.
When transferring an optical head in a radial direction of an optical disc, the optical head is initially transferred with a speed profile of a larger acceleration, and when abnormality is detected by an abnormality detection circuit which detects abnormality of a focus control system, the optical head is again transferred with a speed profile of a smaller acceleration, whereby preventing a movable part of a lens actuator from colliding with a fixed part when transferring the optical head in the radial direction of the optical disc, resulting in an optical head transfer device, an integrated circuit for the optical head transfer device, a focusing lens driving device, and an integrated circuit for the focusing lens driving device which can avoid an increase in the start-up time of the device, a reduction in the data reading speed from the optical disc, and the like.
An optical system for use in an optical pickup apparatus comprises a first optical surface having a superposition type diffractive structure including a plurality of ring-shaped zones which are formed concentrically around an optical axis, wherein each ring-shaped zone is composed of a plurality of stepped sections stepwise, and a second optical surface having a diffractive structure including a plurality of ring-shaped zones which are formed concentrically around an optical axis, wherein each of the plurality of ring-shaped zones are divided by a stepped section to generate a diffractive light ray of diffractive order whose absolute value is not small than 1 for the light flux.
A reproducing device includes a detection circuit and an integration circuit. The detection circuit detects a push-pull signal PP. The integration circuit carries out integration processing with respect to one or greater frames of the push-pull signal, and carries out binarization processing with respect to integration results thus obtained, thereby detecting sub data. In the integration circuit, the more the frames to be used for detecting sub data is, the higher the accuracy of the detected sub data is. The reproducing device further includes a control circuit for controlling the total number of the frames to be used for generating valid sub data in the integration circuit. The control circuit controls the total number of the frames in accordance with a result of an error correction made by an error correction circuit.
A device for controlling zero-return of an opto-mechanical system of an optical disc drive is provided. The opto-mechanical system has an optical pickup head for reading data from an optical disc. The zero-return controlling device includes a servo system, a stepper motor driver chip and a signal detecting unit. The servo system issues a triggering signal when the optical disc is loaded. The stepper motor driver chip issues a stepper motor driving signal to the stepper motor in response to the triggering signal. The stepper motor is driven to rotate in response to the stepper motor driving signal. The signal detecting unit is used for detecting the magnitude of the stepper motor driving signal. A suspending signal is issued from the signal detecting unit to the stepper motor driver chip to stop the stepper motor if the magnitude of the stepper motor driving signal exceeds a threshold value.
A test unit is provided for executing a confirmation test on the storage area of the storage apparatus. A storage area management unit sets an accessible valid storage area in the storage area, and extends the accessible valid storage area to include a part of the storage area. The part of the storage area used to extend the accessible valid storage is confirmed for normal operation by the test unit.
A film record comprises a film strip representing a plurality of frames. At least one of the frames includes at least one region wherein the optical density of the region is representative of a symbol from a constellation of symbols.
A write-once recording medium is provided, which comprises a management information area for recording management information for managing a recorded state, and a user data area for recording user data. The user data area is configured to contain at least one recording area. At least one session is configured to contain at least one of the at least one recording area. The management information contains range information indicating a recording range of the at least one recording area and identification information for identifying the recording area located at a boundary of the session.
The light emitted from a semiconductor laser is divided by a diffractive optical element into three light beams which are 0th-order light as the main beam and ±1st-order diffracted lights as the sub-beams, and the track error signals by the main beam and the sub-beams are detected, respectively, by a differential phase detection method. By the effect of the diffractive optical element, the light intensity distributions of the main beam and the sub-beams become different when making incidence on an objective lens. Therefore, when there is radial tilt in a disk, the phases of the track error signals by the main beam and the sub-beams are shifted with each other. Based on the shift in the phases of the track error signals, radial tilt of the disk is detected.
An optical element may include a substrate including a diffractive structure having multiple periods, at least one period of the multiple periods having multiple steps, heights of the multiple steps non-monotonically increasing across the at least one period. The optical element may be used with at least two wavelengths, e.g., three wavelengths, may be on a single surface and may provide an efficiency of at least 50% for all wavelengths.
An optical head and an apparatus using the optical head are shown. The optical head includes a light-emitting element, a first polarized light diverging element for transmitting the light beam of a first polarization direction and reflecting the light beam of a second polarization direction orthogonal to the first polarization direction, a second polarized light diverging element for transmitting or reflecting the light beam of the first polarization direction, a converging element for converging the light beam on an information recording medium, a reflection element for reflecting a first reflected light beam reflected on the information recording medium and reflected on or transmitted through the second polarized light diverging element, and a detection element for detecting a second reflected light beam reflected on the reflection element and transmitted through or reflected on the second polarized light diverging element.
Multi layer near-field optical recording using a moderate numerical aperture (NA) is superior to the high-NA (NA=2.0) first-surface single-layer technique. The use of very flat and thin spacer layers limits spherical aberration due to difference in layer depth. The thin spacer layers may have a high refractive index because their thickness allow for a relatively high absorption constant. This makes possible in principle an m-layer system, e.g. m=4, with NA=1.6 which may include a flat, protective cover layer. Further a medium for use in such a system is described.
The present invention relates to an optical recording apparatus capable of writing information on an optical medium in a writing mode and capable of writing a label image on an optical medium in a label mode. The apparatus has a displaceable optical head with a radiation source capable of emitting radiation. The apparatus further contains one or more processing means adapted to: analyze radiation reflected from the medium, control the radial position of the optical head, control the focal point of the radiation relative to the optical medium, and control the radiation source. In label mode, the optical recording apparatus is adapted to turn off at least one of the processing means for a pre-defined period of time in order to reduce the power consumption and in turn the temperature of the apparatus.
A method for preventing a temporary traffic interruption between two client ports and the consequent state transition of the receiving port in a communication network providing for the transmission of a data stream between two clients along at least one path when a fault condition is detected in the path. The method includes the steps of monitoring the data stream directed to the receiver and, upon detecting in the data stream an error sequence capable of starting the state transition, replacing the data stream with a filling data stream to prevent the receiver from detecting an error condition, and resuming the forwarding of the received data stream after a predetermined time interval. An apparatus able to mask to the receiver for the predetermined time interval, a storage area network and a computer program product are also disclosed.
A system, method and computer readable media for detecting and managing fault within a network using the network's label distribution protocol transactions. Initially, the system will monitor and analyze all transactions within the network to determine if the network has degraded at or between any nodes in the system. The system can then recognize if there is any failure and determine if the network has degraded past a threshold value that is needed for proper operation. If the network has a failure that is beyond this threshold, it will notify a fault management system and subsequently a ticketing system to notify the user that a failure within the system has occurred.
Aspects of the present invention relate to methods, systems and computer products that guarantee the availability of basic services to subscribers during the failure of a Proxy-Profile Gateway. An independent module equipped with monitoring probes for tracking the actual location of the end-customer, an interface for controlling the Gateway availability, and an active SS7 signaling interface are also provided, in order to initiate the recovery procedures, along with a database for storing the relevant information necessary to apply the restoration procedures.
Apparatus and methods operable by a network in configuring quality of service (QoS) for an access terminal are operable to receive, at a network, a request for packet data access from an access terminal. The apparatus and methods are further operable to determine, at the network and based on establishment of the packet data access, an initial QoS policy configuration for at least one reservation link corresponding to at least one application on the access terminal, wherein the initial QoS policy configuration is based on preconfigured information and comprises initial QoS parameters for the at least one application. Additionally, the apparatus and methods are operable to establish the at least one reservation link with the access terminal, prior to initiation of the at least one application on the access terminal, wherein the at least one reservation link includes the initial QoS parameters for the at least one application.
A method for managing tie-down information in a network management system for a telecommunications network including: providing tie-down information to the network management system associated with a plurality of tie-down demarcations using a tie-down information template comprising a plurality of tie-down information parameters associated with each of the plurality of tie-down demarcations, wherein the plurality of tie-down information parameters comprises a status; and updating the status associated with each of the plurality of tie-down demarcations based on network activity associated with the plurality of tie-down demarcations.
A system and related method for targeted content delivery based on Internet video traffic analysis, including one or more of the following: a packet-based communication network in communication with a terminal device, the packet-based communication network 1) collecting and comparing traffic flows between the terminal device and one or more video content sources to known protocol signatures, 2) identifying match(es), 3) identifying, monitoring and analyzing a flow sequence of video content information for the match(es), 4) identifying and extracting associated metadata, and 5) harmonizing the metadata; a behavior analyzer that formulates a behavioral profile of a user of the terminal device who requests and receives the video content information; and a targeted content delivery infrastructure that establishes behavioral profile data regarding the user and delivers targeted content to the user.
In one embodiment, a network device having a plurality of network interfaces maintains a database tracking multicast memberships associated with the network interfaces. The network device then uses the database for load balancing received multicast traffic over the network interfaces.
The present invention provides a method implemented in a mobile unit configured to communicate with at least one base station over an uplink. The method includes receiving, at the mobile unit and from the base station, a first attribute indicative of a traffic-to-pilot power ratio and a second attribute indicative of a resource provision limit. The first attribute is formed based on a priority weight associated with best effort communication with the mobile unit. The second attribute is formed based on a maximum throughput associated with best effort communication with the mobile unit. The method also includes modifying an uplink transmission power based upon the first attribute and information indicative of congestion at the base station.
In one embodiment, an autoroute filter list may be configured with a list of traffic identifiers. Accordingly, at a tunnel head-end node, an autoroute operation may be performed to configure the routing of all traffic in a network onto an appropriate tunnel except for traffic identified in the autoroute filter list.
A method, testing the network transmission, includes the step of providing a buffer of a scheduled size in a first storage unit, moving at least one transmission data from a second storage unit to the buffer in the first storage unit, and uploading the transmission data from the buffer in the first storage unit to an Internet.
An apparatus and method for discovering and monitoring a collection of nodes in a downhole network may include receiving data packets originating from several downhole nodes. These packets may be read to extract a unique identifier and hop count for each of the nodes. This information may then be used to create entries in a network topology table corresponding to each of the downhole nodes. Each entry may contain unique identifier identifying the respective node, a hop count identifying a location of the node within the downhole network, and a direction identifier. The method may further include modifying one or more entries in the topology table having a conflicting hop count and direction identifier.
A method and apparatus for controlling the transmit power of a mobile device in a mobile communication network takes the level of self-interference into account to perform inner-loop power control. For normal inner-loop power control, a signal quality estimate is compared to a signal quality target and power control commands are generated based on the comparison. When self-interference is the dominant impairment in the received signal, a “fast break” is introduced to change inner-loop power control command generation.
System and methods for metering output packet traffic at network devices. Ingress packet lookups are employed in combination with egress packet meters, which can be arranged in parallel fashion, and used to meter traffic across multiple blades of a switch chassis. Also, egress packet traffic metering is accomplished while matching complex ingress rules without additional egress packet processing. The system has a first node for creating requests that contain a number of filter indicies for specifying packet forwarding criteria. The first node also specifies values for the filter and meter indicies based on a packet to be forwarded. The system also has a second node coupled to the first node and to a number of ports. The second node has at least one table for specifying which of the ports are to receive the packet based on the filter values, and at least one table for accounting for egress traffic bandwidth.
A method and apparatus of aiding uplink beamforming transmission is disclosed. One method includes a base station downlink transmitting beamformed signals to at least a first terminal, the beam formed signals directed and conveying data to at least the first terminal. The method further includes a second terminal eavesdropping the transmitted beamformed signals, and measuring a signal quality. The second terminal estimates uplink channel information based on the measured signal quality, for aiding uplink transmission. Based at least in part on the estimated transmission channel, the second terminal transmits beamformed uplink signals to the base station.
An apparatus and method for channel estimation in a wireless communication system are provided. The apparatus includes a Channel Quality Indicator (CQI) memory unit for collecting a predetermined number of pieces of channel information for two or more mobile stations (MSs), a CQI DIFference (CQIDIF) memory unit for storing a predetermined number of differences between consecutive pieces of channel information with respect to each MS, a CQIDIF dispersion unit for calculating a predetermined number of dispersions between two pieces of consecutive channel information with respect to each MS, and a second comparator for comparing a dispersion for differences between the two consecutive pieces of channel information with a second threshold to identify a Rician channel.
Determining mutual differences of transmission delays experienced by protocol data units transmitted in a communications network is based on a surprising discovery that the time difference between the receiving moments of protocol data units the temporal receiving order of which deviates from their temporal transmitting order represents the smallest possible difference between the transmission delays experienced by these protocol data units. In a method it is determined, based on an order indicator associated with a protocol data unit received at an earlier point of time and an order indicator associated with a protocol data unit received later, whether the mutual order of the protocol data units changed during transmission. If the mutual order has changed, the time difference between the receiving moments of the protocol data units is calculated, which time difference represents the smallest possible difference between the transmission delays experienced by these protocol data units.
Techniques are provided herein for monitoring the performance of a satellite communications system, including techniques for determining the pointing loss of a plurality of user terminals in the satellite communications system using the isotropic radiated power (EIRP) of the satellite.
A method is provided for estimating the header of a data packet in a wireless communication system. The method includes: maintaining a list of data packets received without an error at a receiver; receiving at the receiver a corrupt data packet having errors in its header; computing a likelihood score for the header of the corrupt data packet in relation to each entry in the list of data packets; and selecting an entry having the highest likelihood score as an estimated header for the corrupt data packet.
In the prior art, in a case of measuring a speed of a narrow-bandwidth path of which the state fluctuates dynamically, a serious influence is placed upon a speed calculation with a sufficient precision, and a performance.
Embedding probe information into a data packet, being actual data, to transfer two at a time allows the data packet having the probe information embedded to act as a probe packet of the packet pair technique as well. Further, in a system including a plurality of the paths, the data packets are distributed to the path two packets by two packets.
A method for configuring a communication network includes the steps of identifying a given network configuration having a given network topology based on arcs having associated administrative routing weights and including a number of given shortest paths, generating at least one neighbouring configuration by producing in the network topology a perturbation leaving the administrative routing weights unaffected and wherein the majority of the shortest paths in the neighbouring configuration have the shortest paths from the number left unaffected by the perturbation and combinations of shortest paths from the number evaluating the neighbouring configuration against the given configuration based on a given cost function, whereby the evaluation involves only the portion of the network topology affected by the perturbation, and substituting the neighbouring configuration for the given configuration if the neighbouring configuration is found to represent an improvement over the given configuration based on the cost function.
A method, information processing system, and computer readable medium manage a plurality of network interfaces. A data packet is accepted at a pseudo network interface. The pseudo network interface manages a plurality of underlying physical network interfaces. The pseudo network interface selects selected physical network interface from the plurality of physical network interfaces for outputting the data packet. The data packet is modified to include a hardware address associated with the selected physical network interface in response to the selecting. The data packet that has been modified is forwarded to the physical network interface that has been selected.
A method of configuring a networking device comprises: collecting data regarding the networking device; conveying the data to a remote server; selecting configuration slice instances based on the data using the server, wherein templates for the slice instances are stored on the server; compiling the configuration slice instances using the server; and delivering the compiled configuration slice instances to the networking device; wherein the slice instances are coherent sub-sections of configuration settings for the networking device.
The inventive system and method for improving network security, availability, and regulatory compliance, and maximizing a network comprises a network configuration component, a network inventory component, a network monitoring component, and a network assessment component, wherein information is extracted from each of the configuration, inventory, and monitoring components, the extracted information is combined and assessed in the assessment component, and the maximized network is produced using the combined information. In one embodiment, the combined information is stored in a database. In one embodiment, an XML is produced from the extracted inventory information, and this XML is converted to a canonical form.
