A method and equipment for deregistering a wireless IP access network contact address are provided. When a call corresponding to a common subscriber ID of a TE is received after the TE leaves an IP access network abnormally, the method and the equipment can avoid problems caused by still delivering the subsequent call from the IP access network according to an IP access network contact address associated with the common subscriber ID. The method includes notifying an IMS network to deregister a contact address of a TE in a first wireless IP access network through a current available access network of the TE if the contact address of the TE in the first wireless IP access network is not deregistered to the IMS network when the TE leaves the first wireless IP access network.
In one embodiment, a bridge may receive a first convergence proposal on a root port from an upstream adjacent bridge of a computer network, and in response, may transmit a second convergence proposal downstream on each non-edge designated port of the bridge without syncing the non-edge designated ports. The bridge may then return a convergence agreement to the adjacent bridge in response to the non-edge designated ports having received a returned convergence agreement (or in response to having only edge designated ports). Also, according to embodiments, the adjacent bridge blocks a link to the root port until the convergence proposal(s) and agreement(s) travel end-to-end.
In one embodiment, a method associated with a multiple I-service registration protocol (MIRP) includes receiving into an 802.1ah I-component an MVRP TCN from an 802.1ad component. The TCN may be received, for example, from an 802.1ad bridge. The TCN may identify an affected service using an S-VID. Therefore, the example method may include identifying the S-VID specified by the TCN. The method may also include identifying I-SIDs related to the S-VID. The I-SIDs may be identified by consulting an S-VID to I-SID translation table associated with the 802.1ah I-component. The method may also include providing an 802.1ah MIRP PDU to another 802.1ah component. The MIRP PDU may be based on the MVRP TCN and on the I-SID.
A system and related method for targeted content delivery based on real time communication session analysis, including one or more of the following: a behavior analyzer that formulates a behavioral profile of a user of a terminal device that requests and receives a real time communication; a targeted content delivery infrastructure that establishes behavioral profile data regarding the user and delivers targeted content to the user; and a packet-based communication network in communication with the terminal device, the communication network comparing collected traffic flows to known real time communication protocols, identifying one or more matches between the collected traffic flows and the known real time communication protocols, resulting in one or more identified real time communication sessions, identifying signaling information flow and optionally a bearer channel of the one or more identified real time communication sessions, and extracting key information from the identified signaling information flow and optional bearer channel.
A system, device and method for implementing a special call service are disclosed. The method includes receiving a session establishment request message carrying a service type identifier, determining a service type identified by the service type identifier in the session establishment request message, and implementing a special call service with a service processing logic corresponding to the service type.
An operational mechanism enables extending the range of cognitive networks through the use of repeater transceivers and selective routing.
An apparatus and method in a Time Division Duplex (TDD) wireless communication system are provided. The apparatus includes two 90° hybrid couplers and a phase converter block. The two 90° hybrid couplers each separate a signal into two signals and output the two signals, and each couple two signals and output the coupled signal. The phase converter block connects between the two 90° hybrid couplers. In a transmission mode, the phase converter block identically varies phases of two signals and outputs the varied two signals to the second 90° hybrid coupler. In a reception mode, the phase converter block varies phases of two signals and outputs the varied two signals to the first 90° hybrid coupler.
A synchronization timing detecting method for a receiving device which receives a radio signal including a known symbol on a certain cycle and a gap period which is formed with a certain timing relation based on a transmit timing of the known symbol, wherein synchronization is not achieved in the gap period and the gap period has a longer duration than a certain time, includes receiving the radio signal to detect the gap period in which symbol synchronization is not achieved and which is longer than the certain time, and detecting the known symbol at a timing determined by the certain timing relation based on the gap period detected.
A system and method for network based detection of wireless data subscribers using network address translation devices is provided. The method includes identifying a minimum number of devices showing the same internet protocol address. Packet identification sequences may include port numbers or internet protocol identification numbers. The method continues with grouping these applications by their packet identification sequences and applying detection logic where detection logic yields a conclusion that there are multiple host computers when a set of applications appears in a plurality of packet identification sequences. This method is particularly useful when internet protocol addresses are dynamic, as opposed to static. This method overcomes previous embodiments known in the art by being able to account for and work with live traffic, which enables real time detection.
A packet processing method used in a wireless communication is disclosed to have the packet data not to contain the identification code of the transmitter and to let the receiver read out the correct identification code of the transmitter and verify the effectiveness of the data, assuring excellent confidentiality of the data, reducing packet size, maintaining packet data integrity, extending wireless communication distance and saving power consumption. Under the fix bit error rate, the invention effectively reduces the chance of erroneous data and lowers the current loading to the battery of each of the transmitter and the receiver.
Methods and apparatus for reducing power consumption of a code division multiple access (CDMA) communication device are described. The CDMA communication device operates in a voice call during which voice or audio information is communicated in frames over forward and reverse links. During voice inactivity periods of the voice call, a transmitter of the CDMA communication device is controlled to enter and be maintained in low power states, for stopping transmission of lowest rate frames that would otherwise be sent during the voice inactivity period.
A method for enhancing the reliability of a simplified multicasting forwarding protocol in a wireless network is provided. The method comprises establishing a list of multi-point relaying (MPR) nodes for each of a plurality of nodes. The list of MPR nodes includes neighbor nodes that cover each of the plurality of nodes within two hops. A first set of nodes is identified that is not already in the list of MPR nodes. In a first approach, the first set of nodes includes nodes that are the only neighbor node to a node in the list of MPR nodes. In a second alternative approach, the first set of nodes includes nodes that are sequentially previous to a node in the list of MPR nodes. Once the first set of nodes is identified, the first set of nodes is added to the list of MPR nodes. If the first approach is used, the method further comprises identifying a second set of nodes that is not already in the list of MPR nodes. The second set of nodes comprises nodes that have the largest number of neighboring MPR nodes. The second set of nodes is then added to the list of MPR nodes.
In one embodiment, a transmitting node may be configured to transmit a wireless advertisement frame over a computer network, wherein the frame includes a source address of a reachable node being advertised, a destination address to which the reachable node is to be advertised, a transmitter address of the transmitting node, and a receiver address of a wireless access point to which the wireless advertisement frame is to be received. Also, the wireless access point may be configured to receive the wireless advertisement frame from the network, and in response, transmit a reflected wireless advertisement frame having the source address of the reachable node, the destination address to which the reachable node is to be advertised, a transmitter address of the access point, and a receiver address that indicates the reflected frame is to be accepted by any appropriate receiver excluding the transmitting node.
An apparatus and method for creating a data path for a broadcasting service in a cellular network is provided. In a method for creating a data path to provide a broadcasting service in a cellular network, a broadcast server transmits a session start request message to an Access Service Network-GateWay (ASN_GW) before transmission of Multicast and Broadcast Service (MBS) data, to request a multicast connection setup. The ASN_GW establishes a multicast connection between the broadcast server and the ASN_GW on the basis of information of the session start request message. The ASN_GW transmits a session start response message to the broadcast server in response to the session start request message, after establishment of the multicast connection between the broadcast server and the ASN_GW. The ASN_GW transmits a path registration request message to at least one base station associated with a broadcast zone, to request MBS data path establishment and air resource reservation. The base station establishes a multicast connection between the ASN_GW and the base station on the basis of information of the path registration request message. The base station transmits a path registration response message to the ASN_GW in response to the path registration request message, after establishment of the multicast connection between the ASN_GW and the base station.
A method and apparatus for selecting a radio bearer type for providing a service to a plurality of mobile terminals according to a count of mobile terminals obtained through responses to a service response request message from a network is provided. An MBMS radio bearer type is selected according to a count that includes RRC-connected mobile terminals that still need to establish a connection in order to receive an MBMS such that the radio bearer type established is sufficient to provide the MBMS to all mobile terminals desiring to receive the service.
A method and apparatus of providing a base station with updated transmission channel information is disclosed. The method includes the base station transmitting beamformed signals to a first terminal. A second terminal receives the transmitted beamformed signals, and measures a signal quality. The second terminal conveys back to the base station the measured signal quality, and a transmission identifier of the beamformed data signal.
A set of wireless relay nodes are managed to facilitate inter-node routing of packets in the set. In some aspects, unique identifiers are defined for the wireless relay nodes to facilitate routing packets within the set. In some aspect a routing table is provided to each of the wireless relay nodes, wherein the routing table identifies each wireless relay node in the set and a next-hop entity for each of these wireless relay nodes. Each of the wireless relay nodes may then define a forwarding table based on the routing table.
A set of wireless relay nodes are managed to facilitate inter-node routing of packets in the set. In some aspects, unique identifiers are defined for the wireless relay nodes to facilitate routing packets within the set. In some aspect a routing table is provided to each of the wireless relay nodes, wherein the routing table identifies each wireless relay node in the set and a next-hop entity for each of these wireless relay nodes. Each of the wireless relay nodes may then define a forwarding table based on the routing table.
An HA function can be stopped and restarted without having an influence on MN performing registration and other nodes.
An apparatus for distributing data traffic in heterogeneous wireless networks is provided. A terminal for transmitting data to a plurality of wireless networks, includes a transmission rule storing unit to store a data transmission rule with respect to the plurality of wireless networks, a data dividing unit to divide first data into a plurality of first data groups based on the stored data transmission rule, a transmission network selecting unit to select an individual transmission network for each divided data group from the plurality of wireless networks based on the determined data transmission rule, and a network access unit to transmit each data group to the selected transmission network.
A method and apparatus are used to generate radio link control (RLC) protocol data units (PDUs). A data request for a logical channel is received as part of an enhanced dedicated channel (E-DCH) transport format combination (E-TFC) selection procedure in a medium access control (MAC). Upon determining the data field size, an RLC PDU is generated such that it matches the requested data from the E-TFC selection. The size of the RLC PDU generated can be greater than or equal to the minimum configured RLC PDU size (if data is available) and less than or equal to the maximum RLC PDU size. The data is then transmitted in the RLC PDU in a current transmission time interval (TTI).
A method for transmitting and receiving channel state information (CSI) periodically and aperiodically is disclosed. The method for aperiodically transmitting channel state information (CSI) by a terminal includes receiving an indicator requesting a channel state information report of a downlink channel from a base station over a downlink control channel, and aperiodically transmitting the channel state information (CSI) to the base station over a physical uplink shared channel (PUSCH) upon receiving the indicator from the base station.
Methods and systems for mobility of mobile nodes in mesh networks are taught wherein the mobile mesh nodes choose an attachment point to another mesh node based on predetermined criteria, such as the characteristics of the attachment point's path to a reference destination, and other factors local to the attachment point, such as load and available capacity. The mobile nodes forward packets on each other's behalf. Static and mobile nodes and the links between them are treated differently from each other in view of their respectively different properties. A special metric is used for paths that include mobile links in addition to the static mesh links and wired mesh links. Mobility is handled completely transparently to any client devices attached to the mesh nodes, where this attachment could be wireless or wired.
A system and method, in a mobile communication device, providing N-way communication through a plurality of communication services. Various aspects of the present invention provide a mobile communication device comprising a user interface and at least one communication interface module adapted to perform a first communication with a first communication device through a first communication service and perform a second communication with a second communication device through a second communication service. At least one module may be adapted to receive outgoing information from the user interface and to receive first information from the first communication device through the first communication service. The at least one module may also combine at least the received outgoing information and the received first information and transmit such combined information to the second communication device through the second communication service.
A method, system and apparatus for providing access mode selection to multimode terminal are disclosed. After selecting an access mode according to a certain policy, a routing decision entity correspondingly instructs a routing execution entity to perform a call connection in the selected access mode. The method for providing access mode selection to multimode terminal includes the following steps: (1) when establishing a registration connection, a terminal notifies related information of a current access network type to a network side; and (2) when performing a call connection to a called party, a routing decision entity on the network side selects the access mode and correspondingly instructs a routing execution entity to perform the call connection according to the related information and the selected access mode.
In a method for mapping an operating frequency band of a mobile station device in a mobile communication system, an operating frequency band position at the time of idle mode of respective mobile station devices is arranged so as to be distributed throughout a unique frequency bandwidth of a base station device.
A communication system in which an access point and one or more devices communicating through the access point adaptively apply Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiple Access (OFDMA). The access point may assign orthogonal subcarriers to devices as in conventional OFDMA, but the access point senses activity on the subcarriers and selects subcarriers without activity for assignment. In an alternative approach, a device that is configured for OFDMA communication may receive a channel assignment from a device that does not support OFDMA. The OFDMA-capable device may use only a portion of the subcarriers in the assigned channel, which may be communicated to the non-OFDMA device. During the non-OFDMA device may then ignore unused subcarriers in error detection and correction to avoid incorrectly classifying communications as erroneous. Information about OFDMA capabilities, subcarrier assignments and subcarriers in use may be communicated as information elements in network control communications, such as beacons and probe messages.
A transmission protocol is provided for wireless communications in an OFDMA system that uses a rateless code and techniques are provided for dynamically adjusting the subcarrier resources allocated to an OFDMA relay node so that the relay is used at the right time according to the instantaneous channel state information (CSI). As a result, a higher throughput is achieved between source and destination nodes based on a low complexity algorithm for determining when relay assistance is helpful for completing a transmission between the source and destination nodes.
Provided are a dynamic resource allocation method and apparatus in an Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiple Access (OFDMA)-based cognitive radio system and a downlink frame structure of the method and apparatus. The method includes a base station (BS) selecting one of an Adaptive Modulation and Coding (AMC) subchannel allocation scheme, in which a subchannel comprising at least one bin comprising a first plurality of continuous subcarriers in a frequency domain, is allocated, and a diversity subchannel allocation scheme, in which a subchannel comprising a second plurality of scattered subcarriers in the frequency domain is allocated, according to a level of frequency selectivity of an unused idle frequency band; and the BS allocating at least one subchannel to a terminal according to the selected subchannel allocation scheme. Accordingly, downlink throughput in the cognitive radio system can be increased.
A radio resource assigning method includes assigning persistently, at a radio base station, by a persistent scheduling. The radio resource is to be used for transmitting downlink data to a mobile station. The radio resource assigning method also includes changing, at the radio base station, by a dynamic scheduling, in a period when the persistent scheduling is applied. The radio resource is to be assigned to the mobile station.
An interference mitigation method in a wireless network in which a plurality of nodes share an available frequency spectrum by performing wireless communication on sub-channels defined within the available spectrum. The nodes are grouped into clusters, each cluster having a leader of the cluster. Preferably, every node in the cluster is a transceiver equipped to act as leader and this leader role is rotated around the cluster.
A multi-hop wireless communication system which synchronizes a time signal generated by a timer device included in each of the wireless terminals and sets a different active timing to a wireless terminal connected to each of a plurality of multi-hop routes. The wireless terminal monitors the time signal of the timer device included in the wireless terminal and activates wireless communication of the wireless terminal when it is detected that the time signal matches an active timing set in the wireless terminal.
A method of retransmitting packet data in a wireless communication system comprises receiving a link map information element from a transmitting station having three antennas to achieve space time transmit diversity, wherein first, second and third packet data are transmitted from first, second and third antenna of the transmitting station, respectively. The method also comprises transmitting a non-acknowledgement signal to the transmitting station if at least one packet data from the transmitting station is not properly decoded. The method also comprises receiving the packet data from the transmitting station, wherein at least two of retransmitted packet data are transmitted from different antennas of the transmitting station, and one of retransmitted packet data is transmitted from the same antenna of the transmitting station. The retransmitted packet data are received with an information element comprising a retransmission count associated with a number of retransmission made by the transmitting station.
Systems and methodologies are described that facilitate classification and identification of a channel associated with a wireless data transmission. As described herein, a channel designated for transmission of a packet can be selected from among multiple usable channels, based on which a bit at a predefined location in the packet can be set to a logical value indicative of the selected channel. As further described herein, extraction of the logical value from the predefined location and identification of the corresponding channel can be performed by a recipient of the packet without requiring parsing of the message. In one example described herein, a Dedicated Control Channel (DCCH) can be identified by setting a Logical Channel Identifier (LCID) bit in a DCCH packet to a predefined value. In another example, a Common Control Channel (CCCH) can be identified by embedding a Boolean constant within a message structure contained in a CCCH packet.
A base station includes a resources examination requesting unit that, when the base station is requested by a terminal to perform any of the following operations including addition, creation and change of a service flow, inquires of a radio resources management node whether the base station has enough radio resources to perform the operation on the service flow requested by the terminal; and a terminal notification unit that, when the base station lacks the radio resources, notifies the terminal of a base station that is selected from among neighboring base stations by the radio resources management node as a performer base station for performing the operation on the service flow requested by the terminal. The radio resources management node includes a resources examination responding unit that, when the requested target base station lacks the radio resources, selects a base station with enough radio resources to perform the operation on the service flow requested by the terminal from among the neighboring base stations as the performer base station.
A base station for allocating one or more sub-channels to a mobile station to perform uplink wireless communication with the mobile station through the one or more sub-channels, including an estimation unit to estimate a propagation environment for radio waves from the mobile station to the base station; a calculation unit to calculate an interference amount based on a reception power at the base station apparatus; and a determination unit to determine a modulation method, an encoding ratio, and a number of sub-channels, which are to be used by the mobile station for transmission to the base station, based on the propagation environment, the interference amount, and specification conditions of the mobile station, to notify the mobile station of the modulation method, the encoding ratio, and the number of sub-channels.
Networking methods of a Single Frequency Network (SFN) in communication systems are disclosed.
An apparatus, system, and method may include providing a plurality of data streams in respective subchannels and modulating a first data stream of the plurality of data streams at least partially with a different modulation constellation than a second data stream of the plurality of data streams. The method may also include transmitting the first and second data streams using a same radio resource to user terminals using different subchannels of the radio resource.
Disclosed herein is a mobile communication terminal and handover method therefor. In the mobile communication system, a Gateway GPRS Support Node (GGSN) of the asynchronous network is connected to a Packet Data Service Node (PDSN) of the synchronous network. Accordingly, as a mobile communication terminal, using packet data service in the asynchronous mobile communication system, moves into an area of a synchronous mobile communication system, the synchronous mobile communication system sets control signals and traffic to transmit packet data in response to a request from the asynchronous mobile communication system. Further, if forward and reverse channels are assigned between the mobile communication terminal and the synchronous mobile communication system, call setup is performed to provide the packet data service, and then a node B of the asynchronous mobile communication system releases the connection to the mobile communication terminal.
A method and apparatus for flexible Mobile IP foreign agent architecture for enabling converged services are described herein. According to one embodiment of the invention, a packet is received over a circuit bound with a converged services domain of a network element. The converged services domain enables forwarding of wired and wireless traffic to a plurality of destination network elements. Upon determining that the circuit is capable of carrying Mobile Internet Protocol (IP) packets, the packet is processed according to an entry ma Mobile IP forwarding information base upon determining that the packet has a corresponding entry in the Mobile IP forwarding information base, and the packet is processed according to a different entry in an IP forwarding information base upon determining that the packet does not have an entry in the Mobile IP forwarding information base. Other methods and apparatuses are also described.
A wireless communication system includes a wireless terminal and a plurality of base stations that can communicate with each other via a predetermined communication path that is different from the wireless communication path to the wireless terminal. The wireless terminal transmits a request signal to one of the base stations to request a response signal from another base station. The one base station transfers the received request signal to the other base station via the predetermined communication path. Upon reception of the request signal transferred from the one base station, the second base station transmits a response signal to the wireless terminal via the predetermined channel. The wireless terminal receives the response signal transmitted from the second base station via the predetermined channel.
A method and device for performing handover by a mobile terminal from a source base station to a target base station, the mobile terminal having a RRC layer, a RLC layer and an PDCP layer. The method includes receiving a handover initiation message; and performing handover from the source base station to the target base station, including reassembling RLC SDUs from at least one PDU when possible and delivering the reassembled RLC SDUs from the RLC layer to an upper layer.
A handover method, in a wireless communication system having a mobile station and a plurality of base stations, for performing handover of the mobile station from a connected base station to a neighbor base station, the method having the steps of: deciding that neighbor base station information non-reception handover is establish; searching a connectable neighbor base station; acquiring identification information for the neighbor base station; transmitting a handover request including the acquired identification information; transmitting, in the connected base station received the handover request, to the mobile station, service level information included with in a handover response, and deciding a handover destination based on the service level information.
A method and apparatus for handing over a mobile node from a source access point to a target access point is provided herein. During operation the source access point will create handover messages on behalf of the mobile node. When the source access point detects that handover is taking place, the source access point will transmit the appropriate handover message to the mobile node's anchor node. Because the source access point may not have the necessary security credentials to create messages on behalf of the mobile node, in an alternate embodiment of the present invention, the messages are created by the mobile node and stored at the source access point until needed.
A method of sending reset message sequence number is provided. During a connected state handoff of an access terminal (AT) between a source access network (AN) and a target AN, the source AN sends a reset message sequence number of the AT to the target AN. The source AN adds the reset message sequence number of the AT to the message sent to the target AN. Thereby, the problem in the existing systems that, the source AN cannot send the reset message sequence number of the AT to the target AN, and thus the target AN cannot perform a reset process on the AT when the AT is switched from the source AN to the target AN is thus solved. An access network (AN) and a communication system are also provided.
A method and apparatus for link adaptation is provided. A node stores a set of transmit parameters and corresponding selection probabilities for each of the transmit parameters. The node stochastically selects a particular transmit parameter based on the selection probabilities, and then transmits a packet according to the particular selected transmit parameter. From received transmission feedback information, the node derives performance statistics, and uses the performance statistics to specify an estimated performance function for the particular transmit parameter. The node updates a selection probability computation function (SPCF), and uses the SPCF to generate updated selection probabilities corresponding to each transmit parameter in the set of available transmit parameters.
Networking methods of a Single Frequency Network (SFN) in communication systems are disclosed.
The present invention relates to an uplink synchronization request method in a mobile communication system, a CDMA allocation information element structure thereof, and an apparatus using the same. For this purpose the uplink synchronization request method includes: when up-link traffic is generated, determining whether an uplink synchronization error occurs; when the uplink synchronization error occurs, calculating a timing adjustment value; and transmitting a bandwidth request code including the calculated timing adjustment value to a base station and performing a band-width request. According to the present invention, the PSS compares a reference adjustment value and an arrival time of a downlink preamble to calculate uplink synchronization timing and synchronize an uplink of the PSS that requests bandwidth allocation through a bandwidth request ranging process to thereby maximize resource use efficiency in the uplink synchronization.
A base station device and a mobile terminal for improving frequency-utilization efficiency to realize high-speed communication. The base station device forming a cell and performing radio communication with the mobile terminal being present in the cell includes determining unit configured to determine the application of adaptive demodulation and coding only to the radio communication with the mobile terminal present in a part of a predetermined area in the cell and an estimating unit configured to estimate channel state information on the basis of the pilot signal from the mobile terminal, wherein the determining unit determines whether or not the adaptive demodulation and coding is applied to the radio communication with the mobile terminal on the basis of the channel state information estimated by the estimating unit.
A method and a circuit for controlling a reception path of a multi-standby terminal are provided. If a first communication module is in a transmission state, all filters disposed in a reception path of a second communication module are activated. If the first communication module is not in a transmission state, fewer than all of the filters disposed in the reception path of the second communication module are activated. A plurality of filters disposed in the reception path of the second communication module are activated partially or fully according to the transmission state of the first communication module.
A method for identifying a reference point in time in a wireless communication system includes: receiving a first repeated sequence of symbols; receiving a second repeated sequence of symbols; performing an autocorrelation between the first and second sequences of symbols; and identifying as the reference point in time an autocorrelation null between the first and second repeated sequences of symbols. Apparatus for identifying a reference point in time in a wireless communication system includes: means for receiving a first repeated sequence of symbols; means for receiving a second repeated sequence of symbols; means for performing an autocorrelation between the first and second sequences of symbols; and means for identifying as the reference point in time an autocorrelation null between the first and second repeated sequences of symbols.
A technology that can adaptively control an access mode according to a shared band or an unlicensed band used by an adjacent communication system. An access mode controlling apparatus includes a band recognition unit to recognize a usage rate of an unlicensed band or a shared band that is used by an adjacent communication system of a target communication system; a mode determination unit to determine, as an access mode, any one of a contention access mode and a contention-free access mode, based on the usage rate of the unlicensed band or the shared band; and an information transmitter to transmit mode information associated with the determined access mode to member nodes or a base station of the target communication system.
An apparatus and method for configuring a broadcast service data in a digital broadcasting communication system are provided. The method includes mapping a first zone, corresponding to broadcast service data of a first type, and a second zone, corresponding to broadcast service data of a second type, in a frame individually. Preferably, the broadcast service data included in the first zone and the second zone is sliced into sub-slices according to a different number of service slicings for each zone.
A method of operating a Base Station (BS) in a broadband wireless communication system to resume an extended real-time Polling Service (ertPS) is provided. The method of operating the BS includes detecting a codeword received through a Channel Quality Indicator (CQI) channel, and upon receiving a CQI CHannel (CQICH) codeword for requesting resumption of an extended real-time Polling Service (ertPS) connection from a Mobile Station (MS), allocating to the MS an uplink resource corresponding to the largest maximum sustainable traffic rate of at least one ertPS connection established to the MS.
Communication networks and methods are disclosed for synchronizing call traffic in the forward direction over backhaul links. Within a communication network, a traffic processing unit is connected to base stations over a plurality of backhaul links. When the traffic processing unit receives reverse call traffic over the backhaul links, the traffic processing unit processes the reverse call traffic to determine a differential delay in receiving the reverse call traffic over the backhaul links. The traffic processing unit then receives forward call traffic. In response to receiving the forward call traffic, the traffic processing unit transmits the forward call traffic over the backhaul links to the base stations based on the differential delay determined for the reverse call traffic. The transmission of the forward call traffic in this manner substantially synchronizes receipt of the forward call traffic at the base stations.
A method of transmitting data from a first communication device to a second communication device is provided. The method comprises transmitting at least one first data portion, transmitting a second data portion synchronized with the transmission of a corresponding data portion of a third communication device to the second communication device, and the transmission of the at least one first data portion being arranged such that it is received by the second communication device before the data portion of the third communication device corresponding to the second data portion.
A method for transmitting measured data from a sensor device to a control device is disclosed. The method is distinguished in that synchronization messages sent by the control device can be received in the sensor device and, on the basis of the reception of synchronization messages, the sensor device is put into a synchronous mode (SM) in which the sensor device sends data messages comprising the measured data to the control device in sync with the reception of the synchronization messages. A sensor device is also disclosed which is suitable for carrying out the foregoing method.
A service request device includes a transceiver that receives a downlink signal that includes at least one of an unreserved value, a resource status value, and a reserved value from a base station. The downlink signal is transmitted when a non-contention-based resource of the base station is not available for the service request device. A control module initiates a contention-based access procedure that synchronizes the service request device with the base station based on the at least one of the unreserved value, the resource status value, and the reserved value. The transceiver receives packets from the base station in response to the service request device being synchronized with the base station.
Disclosed is a network-based device in an IP Multimedia Subsystem (IMS) that provides IMS services to terminating non-IP devices. The method embodiment includes receiving a REGISTER message that initiates registration of a Public User Identity (PUID) at a terminating non-IP device at a network-based device in an IMS, wherein the terminating non-IP device is specified as being at an E.164 routing address, establishing, in a network device that accepts communications regarding where to send sessions destined for a specific PUID and provide information regarding where to send sessions, the E.164 routing address as a final destination of sessions to the PUID based on the registration and an IP address of a network device that includes routing functionality based on telephone numbers as an immediate destination for the session and using this information from the registration to route to the terminating non-IP device after providing IMS services by using the relationship between the PUID, the E.164 routing address and the IP address of the network device that includes routing functionality based on telephone numbers that completes the routing of messages to the terminating non-IP device that was established during registration.
Implementations described herein may provide for VoIP phone or server devices, where the phones include visual menus through which a user of the phone can modify options or features relating to the user's account. In one implementation, the phone may receive a data structure defining features relating to communication services for the phone device. The phone may parse the data structure to obtain a menu corresponding to the features and present the menu to a user of the phone device.
A packet capturing apparatus and method are provided. The packet capturing apparatus includes an acquisition part acquiring a voice packet having voice information, after receiving each packet transferred in a network, from received packets. The packet capturing apparatus also includes a measuring part measuring an elapsed time after receiving the acquired voice packet and an acquisition part starting to receive a voice packet transferred in a direction opposite to a transfer direction of the acquired voice packet when the elapsed time reaches a predetermined standby time.
A method of managing an IP call between a calling party and a called party, the method comprising receiving, at a gateway, a request to set up the call from the calling party; determining, from the request, a requirement to route the call through an interceptor; forwarding the request from the gateway to the interceptor; setting up an IP call between the interceptor and the called party; setting up an IP call between the interceptor and the calling party; and operating the interceptor as a back-to-back user agent (B2BUA) between the calling party and the called party.
An embodiment provides a user equipment that includes a processor configured to receive a Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) NOTIFY message transmitted by a network component as a result of a registration event. The SIP NOTIFY message contains at least a portion of information included in a first SIP message sent between a first user equipment and the network component. Another embodiment provides method and apparatus for a network node to determine whether filter criteria include one or more indicators that specify the need for information, and including in a second SIP message the information specified by the one or more indicators.
A method of processing a Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) call is disclosed. The method includes receiving a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) associated with a destination telephone number from a telephone number mapping (ENUM) server associated with a third service provider. The method also includes receiving an Internet Protocol (IP) address of a Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) server associated with a second service provider in response to a query by a first service provider to a Domain Name Service (DNS) server. The query is based on the URI. Additionally, the method includes contacting the SIP server using the IP address of the SIP server to set up a bearer path of the VoIP call.
A service routing decision entity and method are described for a system that comprises a circuit switched subsystem, an Internet protocol multimedia system subsystem and at least one mobile terminal suitable for communication with the two subsystems. The two subsystems provide overlapping services. The service routing decision entity and method are arranged to make a routing decision associated with a given service involving the mobile terminal with respect to routing the given service via one or both of the circuit switched subsystem and the Internet protocol multimedia system subsystem, based on predetermined decision information.
The invention includes a method and apparatus for forwarding a packet from a first node toward a second node using a link aggregation group that includes as plurality of links connecting the first node and the second node. In one embodiment, a method includes selecting one of a plurality of ports of the link aggregation group using a weighting of the ports according to a respective plurality of port speeds of the ports of the link aggregation group and propagating the packet from the first node toward the second node via the selected one of the ports of the link aggregation group. In one embodiment, the port is selected using a port selection table weighted according to the ports speeds of the ports of the link aggregation group. In one embodiment, for each port of the link aggregation group, the number of table entries of the port selection table is substantially proportional to the port speed of that port of the link aggregation group.
A method, computing node, and computer program storage product maintain network routing information. A first node receives a route status request from a second node. A status is stored at the first node indicating that a route from the second node to the first node is valid only in response to receiving the route status request. The first node transmits a route status reply to the second node.
A streaming media receiving box in a packet network includes a first transceiver to transmit and receive communications over a packet network; a second transceiver to transmit and receive communications over a local area network; and a processor cooperating with the first and second transceivers. The processor can receive a selection to provide a media stream. Further, the processor can operate in a master mode, including responsive to the selection, receiving the media stream from the packet network over the first transceiver; and transmitting the received media stream to another streaming media box over the second transceiver. An alternative slave mode embodiment can be provided. Some embodiments can include both master and slave modes, and can switch between slave and master modes depending on availability of the media stream from another streaming media box operating in master mode. Optionally, ease of user channel configuration is provided.
A method for determining prospective peering partners for an internet service provider, includes gathering internet service provider's routing and traffic information; gathering additional routing information from sources other than the internet service provider; identifying uncovered target autonomous systems based on the internet service provider's routing and traffic information, the uncovered target autonomous systems being autonomous systems with non-null traffic and that are reachable by the internet service provider via a transit relationship; identifying paths from the internet service provider to the uncovered target autonomous systems based on the additional routing information; identifying intermediate autonomous systems along the identified paths; and determining at least a prospective peering partner for the internet service provider based on the identified intermediate autonomous systems.
A message processing engine may intercept outgoing and incoming messages by bridging an interface between a virtual network interface and a physical network interface. The message processing engine may have a raw packet analyzer that may determine if a packet is to be processed based on a policy, and then may decode the packet using a first set of protocols, perform a translation in the decoded state, then encode the packet using the same or a different set of protocols. The message processing engine may be used to perform translations to enable two otherwise incompatible devices to communicate as well as apply various protocols including security protocols to communications with another device similarly configured. In many embodiments, the raw packet analyzer may be a service with administrative privileges, but the decoder, encoder, and translator may be operated with user privileges.
The present invention relates generally to multicasting technology in an Internet broadcasting system and, more particularly, to a method and system for voting an optimal route in multicasting, which, when an abnormality, such as the delay or disconnection of a video stream, occurs during the reception of a predetermined or larger amount multimedia data which is multicasted by a main server, in stream form, set the specific one of a plurality of audio transmission routes, that has the highest transmission speed, as a video transmission route, and set the transmission route through a level-down, level-up, or level-shift operation depending on the latency values or threshold values of respective transmission routes, thus allowing a large size multimedia stream to be seamlessly and rapidly transmitted.
In accordance with the present invention, it is possible to always prepare an optimal transmission route and stably and rapidly transmit a multimedia stream. Furthermore, when an abnormality occurs in the reception of a video stream, the specific one of a plurality of audio transmission routes, which has the highest transmission speed, is set as a video reception route, so that it is possible to continuously receive the video stream without delay or disconnection.
The present invention discloses a method for deploying a multicast network, which includes a control server, several multicast sources and clients. The method includes: setting a multicast address pool containing several multicast addresses, determining whether a multicast address is assigned to a multicast source requested to be accessed; if no multicast address is assigned to the multicast source, assigning one multicast address in the multicast address pool to the multicast source, and otherwise, notifying a client requesting a multicast stream of the multicast address so that the client uses the multicast address to set up a connection to the multicast source so as to receive the multicast stream sent by the multicast source. The present invention further discloses a multicast network and control server. According to the present invention, not only multicast address resources but also network bandwidth as well as multicast route table entries of forward devices can be saved.
Embodiments related to switching of data packets have been described.
In an example embodiment, an apparatus comprising a physical layer processing device that comprises logic configured to process a packet received from a physical layer interface is disclosed. The physical layer processing device logic is further configured to determine a preamble portion of the packet and a data portion of the packet. The physical layer processing device logic is further configured to insert a timestamp into the preamble portion of the packet. The physical layer processing device logic forwards the packet with the timestamp inserted into the preamble.
An object of the present invention is to provide a server machine and network processing method capable of running a plurality of same server applications at a time on a single OS in a single sever machine.
A server machine comprises a packet dispatching processor for retrieving a destination application group of a communication packet based on first identification information included in a communication packet received by any of a plurality of ports and first management information; for retrieving a plurality of endpoints based on second identification information included in the communication packet and second management information; and for dispatching the communication packet to a server application corresponding to any of the plurality of the retrieved endpoints and belonging to the retrieved application group.
In one embodiment, an apparatus comprises one or more forwarding logic components and logic coupled to a plurality of network interfaces. The logic is operable to: receive address information that identifies a packet flow; generate a synthetic packet based on the address information; provide the synthetic packet to the one or more forwarding logic components; retrieve forwarding information that indicates one or more forwarding decisions for the synthetic packet made by the one or more forwarding logic components; and report the forwarding information. Each of the one or more forwarding logic components is operable to make a forwarding decision for the synthetic packet as part of processing packets in the packet flow, and to store, as part of the forwarding information, data indicating the forwarding decision for the synthetic packet that is made by that forwarding logic component.
A two-stage computer network packet classification method and system is proposed, which is designed for integration to a network system for classification of packets within the network system. The proposed method and system is characterized by the use of a two-stage operation for packet classification; wherein the first-stage operation involves the use of a decision-tree data module whose leaf nodes are used to store a bit vector that represents a cluster of rule groups that are located within a particular cut region in a multidimensional Euclidean space that is mapped to the field values of the input packet; and the second-stage operation involves the use of a bit-vector lookup table data module to retrieve a set of bit vectors which represent a set of possible rules in each rule group and which are intersected to find a matched rule for the input packet. This feature allows the packet classification to be implemented with low memory requirement and enhanced system performance.
A packet analysis apparatus analyzes content of communication obtained as a result of monitoring or capturing a packet passing through a network. The apparatus has a unit of acquiring source or destination address information from a network layer packet header. The apparatus has a unit of acquiring from the network layer packet header an identifier for which a value that increases monotonously with each sending for each source or destination address information is set. The apparatus has a unit of searching and acquiring an identifier corresponding to address information in a current packet from a storage part holding an identifier in a previous packet corresponding to source or destination address information. The apparatus has a unit of comparing the identifier in the previous packet acquired and the identifier in the current packet and determining that reordering occurs when the identifier in the current packet is smaller.
This system detects and corrects looping problems in a publish-subscribe messaging network. This system requires a token which uniquely identifies a node in this network or universally unique in this messaging network. This system maintains a list of Universally Unique Identifiers (UUID) as a metadata attached to each publish-subscribe message (“publication”). As a node forwards a publication to another node, it is required to append its own UUID to this list or discard the message if its UUID already is in the attached list. Several nodes could form a broker cooperative aggregate node and have a unique identifier for all the nodes in the cooperative if they have an internal mechanism for preventing publication looping.
A method for retaining network address of a wireless client device as the device roams between different access points operably connected to a single gateway is described. An embodiment comprises maintaining a table in the gateway memory containing the unique identifier of the wireless client device sent with each data packet. In addition to, the unique identifier, an entry in the table in the gateway memory includes the communication pathway established between the gateway and the wireless client device. When forwarding a data packet from the WAN to the wireless client device, the gateway uses the table in the gateway memory to determine the correct destination path for the data packet instead of relying on the destination address attached to the data packet.
A data item interval identifier lookup method and system is proposed, which is designed for integration to an information processing system for finding which predefined interval the value of an input data item, such as an IP (Internet Protocol) address, belongs. The proposed method and system is characterized by the use of a multi-stage lookup-table data structure having a number of cascaded lookup tables constructed by partitioning the data format of the input data item into a number of segments, each being mapped to one stage of lookup table data structure whose key-value relationships are predefined based on a predefined interval-and-identifier definition table. In operation, the values of the partitioned segments are sequentially used as lookup keys to search through the multi-stage lookup-table data structure until the corresponding interval identifier is found. This feature allows the implementation to have low memory requirement and enhanced system performance.
A system and method for mapping original Media Access Control (MAC) addresses to unique locally administered virtual MAC addresses in an Ethernet network. A first field of the address may include a domain for the address, and a second field may indicate that the address is a locally administered MAC address. A third field of the address may include an index indicating a number of virtual MAC addresses for each user. Fourth and fifth fields of the address may include a Network Element ID (NE ID) for uniquely identifying a given access node in a given domain, and a Port ID for uniquely identifying an end-user port at the given access node. The system may be implemented in an access node or in a network emulator, which generates unique locally administered MAC addresses for all of the nodes in the Ethernet network for performing emulations of the network.
Sampling rules for information dissemination are described which may be applied in a system containing a number of nodes arranged into groups. A target address is selected using one of two methods: selection of an address from the entire address space of the system and selection of an address from a part of the address space which corresponds to set of groups of nodes. The set of groups of nodes is updated when information is successfully disseminated to a node at a target address selected using the first of the two methods. Rules to determine which of the two methods are used for any particular selection operation are also described.
The first relaying device uses the first port (the second relaying device) for the first priority in the first selecting mode, and uses a port other than the second port (the third relaying device) for the second priority. The first relaying device uses the first port for the first priority and uses the second port for the second priority, in the second selecting mode. In a case where the selecting mode is the first selecting mode, the power mode of the third relaying device is the first power mode wherein the power consumption is relatively small. In a case where the selecting mode is the second selecting mode, the power mode of the third relaying device is the second power mode wherein the power consumption is relatively high.
An improved solution for Web services is provided. In an embodiment of the invention, a method for providing a virtual Web service includes: providing a Web service gatekeeper, where the gatekeeper acts as an access point to multiple private internal enterprise environments; and then the gatekeeper receives a request for access to one, or more, of these private internal enterprise environments.
Disclosed are a method and apparatus for detecting a gateway in a private network. A gateway detection method includes verifying whether a connectable state exists with respect to at least two Internet environments and detecting a driving of a gateway for connection between a private network and an external network in response to verifying the connectable state with respect to the at least two Internet environments.
A system and method for adjusting the filtering of acknowledgments (ACKS) in a TCP environment. State variables are used to keep track of, first, the number of times an ACK has been promoted into (a variable which can be stored on a per-packet basis along with the session ID), and second, the number of times an ACK is allowed to be promoted into (which can be global, or can be stored per-session).
A network device for dynamically allocating memory locations to plurality of queues. The network device includes means for determining an amount of memory buffers that is associated with a port, for assigning a fixed allocation of memory buffers to each of a plurality of queues associated with the port and for sharing remaining memory buffers among the plurality of queues. The remaining memory buffers are used by each of the plurality of queues after the fixed allocation of memory buffers assigned to the queue is used. The network device also includes means for setting a limit threshold for each of the plurality of queues. The limit threshold determines how much of the remaining memory buffer may be used by each of the plurality of queues. The network device further includes means for defining at least one color threshold for packets including a specified color marking and for defining a virtual maximum threshold. When one of the plurality of queues requests access to the remaining memory buffers and the remaining memory buffers is less than the limit threshold for the queue, the virtual maximum threshold is defined for the queue. The virtual maximum threshold replaces the limit threshold and packets associated with the at least one color threshold are processed in proportion with other color thresholds based on the virtual maximum threshold ceiling.
Disclosed is a system and a method for polling in an Ether net Passive Optical Network (EPON). The system includes: multiple Optical Network Units (ONUs) for sharing optical channels of the EPON with one another and transmitting traffic; and an Optical Line Terminal (OLT) for discriminating a plurality of ONUs gaining access to the EPON among the multiple ONUs and then collecting routing information on the plurality of ONUs gaining access to the EPON, and for classifying the plurality of ONUs gaining access to the EPON into two or more ONU groups according to the collected routing information and then carrying out forming a polling cycle and allocating bandwidth on each ONU group. Therefore, a transmission idle period in a traffic channel is not only minimized, but an availability ratio of traffic channels can also be maximized.
A method and apparatus for transmitting data and a method and apparatus for performing a task for process migration are provided. The method of transmitting data includes: determining a data transmission priority using at least one of information relating to data needed to continuously perform a task, that is currently performing, in an external device and information relating to data transmission means; determining transmission methods for each data based on the data transmission priority; and transmitting data to the external device according to the determined transmission methods.
A sender communication device includes a communication unit for sending a communication signal to a receiver communication device, and a communication controller for controlling setting of communication channels used for the communication unit as well as for setting, when sending the communication signal, a sending period of the communication signal substantially not shorter than a receive confirmation period of all communication channels in the receiver communication device. A receiver communication device includes a communication unit for receiving the communication signal sent from the sender communication device while switching over plural communication channels, and a communication controller for controlling switching of the communication channels and for setting a communication signal receive-waiting opportunity, in which a first communication channel is used, substantially higher than a receive-waiting opportunity, in which a second communication channel is used. It is thus possible to avoid radiowave interference while saving electric power and lowering delay.
The present invention provides a method, data modulator, modem, computer readable medium and system for allocating bits to sub-carriers of data channel frequencies for spectrally efficient full-duplex transmission. Bits are allocated successively to a plurality of sub-carriers for a data channel based on minimal power consumption, a power mask for each sub-carrier, a bit capacity of each sub-carrier, and a predetermined data rate. Allocation of bits is ceased when at least one of: a predetermined total power budget has been substantially exhausted, power masks for the plurality of sub-carriers have been substantially exhausted, bit capacities for the plurality of sub-carriers have been substantially exhausted, and the predetermined data rate has been reached.
A method of circuit emulation over an IP interworking VLL, and related system, the method including one or more of the following: configuring a circuit emulation port with one or more logical interfaces; configuring one or more channels on each of the one or more logical interfaces; configuring the one or more channels with a destination IP address; configuring the one or more channels with a destination UDP port number; specifying an Ipipe VLL for each of the one or more channels; determining TDM traffic to go onto the specified Ipipe; packetizing TDM traffic; encapsulating the TDM traffic with encapsulation; inserting one or more packets of the TDM traffic into an IP interworking VLL; sending the one or more packets through the Ipipe; stripping the encapsulation from the one or more packets of the TDM traffic; and forwarding the one or more packets to a destination.
A network device includes output rate control logic having variable bandwidth and a response time constant that increases according to an amount of time that an input rate of data to the network device is evaluated by the control logic.
Provided are an apparatus for a dynamic header compression and a method thereof. The method for a dynamic header compression includes: receiving a received packet having a header from an upper layer; comparing header information of the received packet with header information of a previous packet; when a suppression part of the received packet is the same as a suppression part of the previous packet, compressing the received packet based on a predetermined header suppression rule; and when the suppression part of the received packet is not the same as the suppression part of the previous packet, transmitting the received packet without compression.
In one embodiment, a physical (PHY) layer (lower protocol stack layer) of a device may add a timestamp to a received frame, and pass the frame and timestamp up the protocol stack toward a synchronization (sync) recognition layer (upper protocol stack layer). The sync recognition layer determines whether the frame relates to synchronization, and if so, places the timestamp into a data structure along with a frame association for recovery by followup processing. Conversely, in another embodiment, the sync recognition layer may add to a frame for transmission a frame ID having an indication of whether to timestamp the frame and may pass the frame and frame ID down the protocol stack toward the PHY layer. The PHY layer determines whether the frame ID indicates that the frame is to be timestamped, and if so, places a timestamp corresponding to frame transmission into a data structure with the frame ID.
A system and method for discarding or inserting audio frames in a jitter buffer is described. The system and method provides improved audio quality as compared to conventional jitter buffer management systems. In one embodiment, buffer control logic determines whether to discard audio frames to be stored in a jitter buffer or to insert audio frames among audio frames to be output from a jitter buffer based not only on the number of audio frames currently stored in the jitter buffer but also based on the power of the current audio frame to be stored in or output from the jitter buffer. The system and method is generally applicable to any wireless or wired communication system in which audio signals are transmitted between entities operating in different clock domains.
A high power fiber laser includes a pump source optically coupled to a first fiber laser, which is in turn optically coupled to a second fiber laser. The pump source is adapted to generate light, which is received by the first fiber laser and used to generate a first pulsed output. The first pulsed output is directed into the second fiber laser and is used to generate a second pulsed output. The first fiber laser includes a multi-mode fiber, while the second fiber laser includes a single mode fiber.
A laser device includes an outcoupling mirror, a laser medium, a phase-conjugate mirror based on stimulated Brillouin scattering, and an end mirror all arranged along an optical axis of the laser device. A controllable modulator is positioned between the phase-conjugate mirror and the end mirror. The outcoupling mirror and the end mirror form a start cavity. The outcoupling mirror and the phase-conjugate mirror form a main cavity.
A disclosed laser light intensity control device includes a semiconductor laser configured to scan a photoconductor by emitting laser beams and form an electrostatic latent image, a temperature detection circuit configured to detect a temperature of the semiconductor laser, a light intensity detection circuit configured to detect a light intensity of the laser beams emitted from the semiconductor laser, a first drive circuit configured to supply the semiconductor laser with a first current that drives the semiconductor laser, a second drive circuit configured to supply the semiconductor laser with a second current that is superimposed on the first current, and a control circuit configured to control the first drive circuit and the second drive circuit.
A method of operating a laser source comprising is provided. The method reduces speckle contrast in a projected image by creating a plurality of statistically independent speckle patterns. The method comprises generating a plurality of sub-beams that define an optical mode. The method further comprises controlling the phase of selected sub-beams to continuously sequence the laser source through a plurality of orthogonal optical modes. The plurality of orthogonal modes create a corresponding number of statistically independent speckle patterns, thus reducing speckle contrast in a image projected using the laser source by time averaging.
The present invention provides a semiconductor laser package including a heat sink, a laser bar with a plurality of lasers on the heat sink, an insulated layer arranged between said heat sink and said laser bar, a solder layer combining said insulated layer with said laser bar, and a clearance crossing said solder layer defined between adjacent lasers.
An optical disk device includes: a light emitting element which applies light to an optical disk; a light detection unit which receives the light emitted from the light emitting element and outputs an intensity signal corresponding to an intensity of the light emitting element; a difference detection unit which generates a control signal based on a difference between the intensity signal and a reference intensity signal; a first current supply unit which supplies a first current based on the control signal; a second current supply unit which supplies a second current; a current adding unit which adds the first and second currents to generate a third current and supplies the third current to the light emitting element; an optical pickup on which the first current supply unit and the adding unit are placed; and a circuit board on which the second current supply unit is placed.
An accelerator circuit is incorporated in a laser diode system for accelerating the turn-on operation of the laser diode independent of the control loop bandwidth of the laser diode system. The accelerator circuit provides a boost current to a compensation capacitor upon laser turn-on which compensation capacitor operates to establish the control loop bandwidth of the laser diode system. The boost current enables the control loop to increase the bias current to the laser diode quickly. When the laser diode reaches the desired operating point, the boost current is terminated and the control loop of the laser diode system resumes normal control of the bias current. In one embodiment, the accelerator circuit includes a timer circuit controlling a current source to implement open loop turn-on control. In another embodiment, the accelerator circuit includes a comparator circuit working in conjunction with an one-shot logic circuit for providing close loop control.
A semiconductor laser comprises: a semiconductor substrate and a lower cladding layer, an active layer, and an upper cladding layer on the semiconductor substrate. The layers form a resonator having opposed end surfaces. A ridge includes part of the upper cladding layer. The upper cladding layer in the ridge, proximate the resonator end surfaces, is thicker than the upper cladding layer in the ridge at a central part of the resonator.
An optically pumped semiconductor-laser (OPS-laser) resonator includes an arrangement for delivering optical pump radiation on an OPS-chip to cause fundamental radiation to circulate in the resonator. The resonator includes second and third-harmonic generating crystals and is arranged deliver third-harmonic radiation. The resonator also includes a stop positioned and configured to stabilize the laser output. The pump radiation arrangement delivers the pump radiation at an angle to the resonator axis and includes wedged GRIN lens arranged such that the pump radiation forms a circular spot on the OPS chip. The third harmonic generating crystal acts as a polarizer for the fundamental radiation and angularly separates fundamental and third harmonic beams.
An optical package includes a semiconductor laser, a wavelength conversion device and a MEMS-actuated mirror oriented on a base module to form a folded optical pathway between an output of the semiconductor laser and an input of the wavelength conversion device. An optical assembly is located in a mechanical positioning device and the mechanical positioning device is disposed on the base module along the optical pathway such that the beam of the semiconductor laser passes through the optical assembly, is reflected by the MEMS-actuated mirror back through the optical assembly and into the waveguide portion of the wavelength conversion device. The MEMS-actuated mirror is operable to scan the beam of the semiconductor laser over the input of the wavelength conversion device. The optical assembly may be adjusted along the optical pathway with the mechanical positioning device to focus the beam into the waveguide portion of the wavelength conversion device.
An apparatus, system, and method are disclosed for determining fan rotation direction. A first temperature detection module detects a first temperature at a first location between a fan and a heat generating device. The fan provides cooling for the heat generating device by drawing air from the heat generating device across the first location to the fan when the fan is rotating in a first direction. A second temperature detection module detects a second temperature at a second location where the heat generating device is between the second location and the fan such that heat from the heat generating device is drawn away from the second location when the fan is rotating in the first direction. A temperature comparison module determines if the second temperature is above the first temperature. A fan rotation error module generates a fan rotation error signal if the second temperature is above the first temperature.
In a method of measuring a temperature value associated with melting, softening or decomposition of sample substances, an array of samples is deposited onto a support tray. The support tray is placed onto a heating device provided with temperature sensing means, the support tray is illuminated, and the array of samples is observed by a imaging device. WNle varying the temperature of the heating device, the image data from the imaging device is fed to an image recording device and temperature values associated with each feed of image data are also recorded. The image data is reviewed to detect changes in the image, such as image intensity, at each or selected sample locations, and the temperature of the heating device at an image change associated with a change in state of a sample is logged. Image processing software may be used to detect changes in the image, for example in the intensity of the image, at each sample location. The method may be used as a means for rapidly obtaining a melting point value for comparison of the physical characteristics of the members of a library of samples, especially polymer samples.
A performance testing apparatus for heat pipes includes a heating set, a cooling set, and a supporting set adjustably supporting the heating and cooling sets thereon. The heating set includes a first immovable portion, a first movable portion and two heating channels therebetween. Temperature sensors are inserted into the first immovable portion and movable portions. Heating members are inserted into the first movable portion and immovable portions. The cooling set includes a second immovable portion, a second movable portion and two cooling channels defined therebetween. Temperature sensors are inserted into the second immovable and movable portions. A cooling passageway is formed in the second immovable portion.
A method for providing accurate temperature sensing of a substrate utilizing the PN junction of a transistor formed on the substrate is described.
A temperature sensing device for improving series resistance cancellation mechanism includes a temperature sensing unit, a signal processing unit, a first current source, a second current source, a third current source, a first switch, a second switch, and a third switch. A control circuit generates a first control signal, a second control signal and a third control signal for controlling the first current source, the second current source and the third current source so as to drive the temperature sensing unit, wherein the first control signal, the second control signal and the third control signal are outputted from the control circuit according to a specific cycle formed by a plurality of switches between the first control signal and the second control signal and a switch between the first control signal and the third control signal.
A temperature sensor assembly having a bracket is disclosed, which can improve the accuracy of temperature measurement and maintain the fixing state of the temperature sensor after the temperature sensor is mounted. The temperature sensor assembly is installed on a fluid pipe to measure a temperature of fluid in the pipe, and includes a housing composed of a temperature sensor mounted therein, a depressed part formed on an outer periphery of the housing, and a catch groove formed on one side of the depressed part; and a bracket for fixing the housing to the pipe, composed of a housing support part formed to surround an outer periphery of the depressed part and having a catch portion formed on a cut end portion of the housing support part and fixed to the catch groove of the housing, and a pipe support part having a bent portion extending upward from the housing support part with a predetermined inclination and being in contact with the pipe and a free end portion extending from the bent portion.
Various apparatuses and methods are described herein to reduce the interference in receivers in bands were more than one signal is present. The embodiments also describe a receiver that is capable of providing interference mitigation for both WiFi and Bluetooth and wireless telephony standards in the same receiver. The receiver is capable of receiving WiFi and Bluetooth at the same time in the same ISM channel and removing the mutual interference. The embodiments also include the capability to remove other extraneous interfering signals from WiFi and Bluetooth in the ISM band to include cordless phones and energy from microwave ovens. The interfering signals are isolated and subtracted from the signals of interest. It also describes apparatuses and methods for pre-distorting signals to provide for the operation of amplifiers in the non-linear region where the PAE is greatest.
An apparatus for estimating a wireless radio channel between a first terminal and a relay station, the apparatus including a receiver for receiving a signal including a superposition of previously transmitted first information from the first terminal and second information from a second terminal, the second terminal also communicating with the relay station, a storage for storing the previously transmitted first information, and a channel calculator for calculating the wireless radio channel using the received signal and the stored first information as pilot information for the received signal.
One embodiment of the present invention relates to a transceiver. The transceiver includes a transmitter having a first transmission path configured to transmit a digital baseband signal over a wireline medium. In addition, the transmitter has a second transmission path configured to transmit a radio frequency signal over a wireless medium. Other systems and methods are also disclosed.
A transceiver having shared and discrete components forming a transmit path and a receive path configured to couple to a subscriber line for establishing a communication channel with a remote transceiver. The transceiver comprises a pseudo link manager coupled between the transmit and receive path components to manage pseudo links on the subscriber line prior to entry into a session with the remote transceiver. The pseudo link manager includes: a line monitor and a disruptor. The line monitor monitors the subscriber line, prior to initiating a session, for a received communication signal indicative of a pre-existing session on the remote transceiver. The disruptor transmits a disruptor signal over the subscriber line to the remote transceiver responsive to the detection by the monitor of the received communication signal; thereby disrupting the remote transmitter's pre-existing session and allowing a new session to be established with the remote transceiver.
A dual mode terminal for simultaneously processing data services using controllers, and a method for processing the data services in the dual mode terminal is provided. The method includes processing a 1st data service in at least one of a 1st controller including an application and a 1st data protocol stack and a 2nd controller including a 2nd data protocol stack, inputting a request for processing a 2nd data service during the processing of the 1st data service, and processing the 2nd data service in another controller comprising at least one of the 1st controller and the 2nd controller, which does not process the 1st data service.
Embodiments of the invention provide a method for auto calibration with fix and stable power wide band noise at the cable modem input without any need to change input power by using PHY back-off variation at the ADC input. The wide band tuner's IF VGA calibration is accomplished by freezing RF agcs at specific state and back off variation of the ADC input.
A method for processing signals transmitted via a communication system includes: measuring a first parameter associated with a signal power of a first frequency band of a received signal; measuring a second parameter associated with a signal power of a second frequency band of the received signal, wherein the first frequency band and the second frequency band are not overlapped; comparing the first parameter with the second parameter to generate a comparison result; and detecting whether adjacent channel interference (ACI) exists in the communication system according to the comparison result to generate a detection result.
The present invention provides a method and apparatus for adapting a current path delay estimate for path delay tracking. The method comprises selecting an operating mode, determining a set of hypothesized path delays based on said operating mode, computing a metric for each hypothesized path delay, and adapting a current path delay estimate based on the computed metrics for the hypothesized path delays.
A method for quickly diagnosing inter-communication problem of digital subscriber line transceivers, which records the interactive messages between central office xDSL terminal unit (xTU-C) and remote xDSL terminal unit (xTU-R), amends specific message of said interactive messages, executes interactive test utilizing amended message, and analyzes the result of said test to confirm the reason of inter-communication problem. The embodiments also provide an apparatus for quickly diagnosing inter-communication problem of digital subscriber line transceivers. The embodiments efficiently resolve the inter-communication problem between xTU-C and xTU-R which are different xDSL transceivers, provide convenience to telecommunication service provider and telecommunication device maintenance personnel, and save the cost. Device maintenance personnel can quickly, efficiently and accurately resolve inter-communication problem of xDSL devices, so as to simplify processing flow, reduce workload and difficulty, save substantive cost, and improve efficiency.
A receiver or an integrated circuit (IC) incorporated therein includes a fast Fourier transform (FFT)-based (or hybrid FFT-based) sliding window block level equalizer (BLE) for generating equalized samples. The BLE includes a noise power estimator, first and second channel estimators, an FFT-based chip level equalizer (CLEQ) and a channel monitor unit. The noise power estimator generates a noise power estimate based on two diverse sample data streams. The channel estimators generate respective channel estimates based on the sample data streams. The channel monitor unit generates a first channel monitor signal including truncated channel estimate vectors based on the channel estimates, and a second channel monitor signal which indicates an approximate rate of change of the truncated channel estimate vectors. The FFT-based CLEQ generates the equalized samples based on the noise power estimate, one-block samples of the first and second sample data streams, the channel estimates and the monitor signals.
An adaptive equalizer includes an adaptive filter and a control unit. The adaptive filter performs an adaptive equalization processing for an input signal so as to make an amplitude of an equalized output signal constant, the input signal being modulated by a modulation system that produces a modulation signal with constant amplitude characteristics. The control unit gradually changes equalization ability of the adaptive equalization processing of the adaptive filter in accordance with characteristics of the input signal.
A distortion compensating apparatus has an adaptive distortion compensating unit to compensate nonlinear distortion by controlling an input signal of a nonlinear distortion circuit by using an adaptive algorithm so as to reduce an error between a reference signal and a feedback signal from the nonlinear distortion circuit; and an adaptive equalizer connected between the adaptive distortion compensating unit and the nonlinear distortion circuit or provided in front of the adaptive distortion compensating unit. The adaptive equalizer includes a digital filter to form an amplitude characteristic and a phase characteristic of the input signal on the basis of a filter coefficient group that is set to the digital filter; a memory to hold in advance the filter coefficient group; and a control unit to control reading of the filter coefficient group from the memory on the basis of the input signal and the feedback signal.
A TMDS driver outputs differential signals via a pair of differential signal lines. The input differential pair includes a first transistor and a second transistor with one terminals thereof connected to each other so as to form a common terminal, and operates with termination resistors, which are arranged on the side of a differential receiver connected via the differential signal lines, as a part of the load. A tail current source supplies constant current to the input differential pair. An impedance adjusting unit is provided between the input differential pair and the differential signal lines, and adjusts the load impedance of the first transistor and the second transistor.
A high-speed bit stream interface module interfaces a high-speed communication media to a communication Application Specific Integrated Circuit (ASIC) via a Printed Circuit Board (PCB). The high-speed bit stream interface module includes a line side interface, a board side interface, and a signal conditioning circuit. The line side interface includes a media coupler that receives the line side media, such as copper media or optical media. The board side interface couples the high-speed serial bit stream interface module to the PCB. A signal conditioning circuit communicatively couples to the line side interface and to the board side interface. The signal conditioning circuit receives an RX signal from the line side interface, conditions the RX signal, and provides the RX signal to the board side interface. The signal conditioning circuit receives a TX signal from the board side interface, conditions the TX signal, and provides the TX signal to the board side interface.
A driving signal generation circuit including a transforming circuit and a phase split circuit is disclosed. The transforming circuit is utilized to generate a transformed signal by delaying a rising or falling edge of each pulse of a pulse-width-modulation signal. The phase split circuit generates first and second driving signals by respectively extracting each odd pulse and each even pulse of the transformed signal. Furthermore, disclosed is another driving signal generation circuit including a phase split circuit and a phase shift circuit. The phase split circuit generates first and second push-pull signals by respectively extracting each odd pulse and each even pulse of the pulse-width-modulation signal. The phase shift circuit generates a driving signal by delaying rising and falling edges of each pulse of the first or second push-pull signal.
In a full digital amplifier for an audio amplifier or the like, it is possible to suppress the concentration of an electromagnetic noise emission spectrum at a specific frequency. A sampling period variation type digital filter is realized by varying the coefficient of a noise shaping filter for the delta-sigma modulator of the full digital amplifier depending on a sampling period. This allows the variation in the carrier frequency of the pulse width modulation.
The present invention relates to a system and method for controlling the transmission of moving image data through a network. The system for controlling the transmission of moving image data through a network of the present invention includes a server and a client. The server transmits key frames and delta frames of a compressed moving image stream in a form of packets through a multimedia communication network, and controls interruption of transmission of subsequent delta frames and continuation of transmission only from a subsequent key frame, depending on whether a specific delta frame is lost, based on a response signal indicating reception of each packet. The client receives packets corresponding to the key frames and the delta frames, obtained from the compressed moving image stream, from the server, and transmits the response signal indicating reception of each packet to the server.
Disclosed are an apparatus and method for adjusting a bit rate in a security device connected to an external storage, which can determine an output bit rate optimum to the external storage in the security device for receiving a video signal shot by a plurality of cameras and writing the same on the external storage, such as a USB memory, and can vary and adjust the data input bit rate of the video signal shot properly by the plurality of cameras based on the output bit rate. The data input bit rate of a video signal inputted into the security device is higher than the data input bit rate of a video signal outputted to the external storage, thus preventing a failure of not being able to write a video signal shot by a plurality of cameras on the external storage.
A television on a chip (TVOC) system that provides a cost effective approach for providing television functionality on a single integrated circuit chip is disclosed. A TVOC includes the functionality necessary to receive and display television signals in a variety of input and output formats. A TVOC can be used in set-top boxes for cable and satellite television, or directly within a television. All functionality provided can be provided on a single integrated circuit. TVOC includes a data transport module, an IF demodulator, a digital audio engine, an analog audio engine, a digital video engine, and an analog video engine. The TVOC also includes three sets of interfaces including output interfaces, control interfaces and ancillary interfaces. Further features and embodiments provide enhanced functionality and increased efficiencies.
Disclosed is a method for encoding a decoding a video signal. In the procedure of encoding the video signal, when a frame temporarily simultaneous with a frame including a macro block of an enhanced layer which will obtain a prediction video does not exist in a base layer, the macro block is encoded based on difference values of residual data using corresponding residual blocks in a past frame and a future frame of the base layer which are residual data corresponding to image difference values and using a residual block for the macro block of the enhanced layer. In another embodiment, the macro block is encoded based on difference values of residual data using corresponding residual blocks in a past frame and a future frame of the enhanced layer and the residual block for the macro block. Accordingly, a residual prediction mode is applied for a macro block of an enhanced layer even if a frame temporally simultaneous with a frame of the enhanced layer does not exist in a base layer, thereby improve coding efficiency.
A video encoding method and apparatus, and a video decoding method and apparatus, which are capable of improving efficiency of encoding a luminance component video signal by predicting information on various encoding modes of the luminance component video signal by using a result obtained by encoding a chrominance component video signal, are provided. Accordingly, a block mode and an intra-prediction mode of the luminance component video signal are predicted from a previously encoded and recovered chrominance component video signal, and the predicted block mode and the predicted intra-prediction mode are used to encode the luminance component video signal.
An image encoding method according to the present invention calculates first difference information of an encoding target block and second difference information of an adjacent block, calculates a difference between the first difference information and the second difference information, and uses an intra mode only for blocks where a residual image noise occurs by selecting the intra mode when the difference is larger than a predetermined threshold, and selecting an inter mode when the difference is smaller than the predetermined threshold.
A method of video coding comprising Intra prediction coding at least a predetermined constant M macroblocks within an ordinary frame. These M macroblocks include naturally selected macroblocks where the bit cost of Intra prediction coding is less than for Inter prediction coding and optional additional macroblocks. The optional additional macroblocks have the least bit cost of Inter prediction coding as adjusted by a penalty factor each time a corresponding macroblock is Intra coded in a predetermined number of frames. An end frame Intra prediction codes each macroblock having no corresponding Intra prediction coded macroblock in a predetermined number of ordinary frames.
A method for encoding a multiview video includes estimating and compensating for a motion between a plurality of pictures from more than one view. A first video captured at a first view becomes a basis and for performing encoding on the first video using the motion estimation and compensation result. Motion estimation and compensation is then performed on a predetermined picture selected from among a plurality of pictures included in a second video captured at a second view being different from that of the first video. The picture from the second view is then encoded using the motion estimation and compensation result. A bit stream is generated including encoded data of the first video and encoded data of the second video.
A method comprises determining a plurality of time intervals Tp and Tn within a variable bit rate (VBR) representation of an image sequence. The time intervals Tp are those in which a number of blocks of information per unit time is greater than a baseline value. The time intervals Tn are those in which a number of blocks of information per unit time is less than the baseline value. A second representation of the image sequence is created in which some blocks of information Bp are removed from the time intervals Tp and interlaced with blocks of information Bn in the time intervals Tn to reduce a variation in a number of blocks of information per unit time between the time intervals Tp and Tn.
According to one embodiment, an image playback apparatus which plays back data stream stored in a recording medium while decoding it, the apparatus includes a reading section which reads the data stream from the recording medium, a separation section which separates the data stream read by the reading section into audio data and video data, a memory including a first memory region allocated therein which temporarily stores the audio data output from the separation section and a second memory region allocated therein which temporarily stores the video data output from the separation section.
In one aspect, a method for encoding pictures is provided. The method is applied to each picture in a sequence of pictures, and the method comprises the steps of assigning a pre-decoder buffer removal time to the picture; selecting, for the picture, a number of bits, wherein the time-equivalent of the number of bits is no greater than a difference based on the pre-decoder buffer removal time of the picture and an initial arrival time of the picture into a pre-decoder buffer; and compressing the picture to generate the number of bits. The method may further include the step of allocating a first number of bits for compressing the picture and one or more number of bits for compressing one or more future pictures, wherein the future pictures are in the pre-decoder buffer at the pre-decoder buffer removal time of the current picture.
In one embodiment the invention provides a method for outputting auxiliary information for use in playing back a video sequence, the method comprising obtaining a measure of usefulness of a particular picture for playing back the video sequence, wherein the measure of usefulness indicates a performance of playing back the video sequence if the particular picture is available in a decoded state at a time of playback versus the particular picture not being available in a decoded state at a time of playback; determining a position in a data stream that includes the video sequence; and storing the auxiliary information at the determined position in the data stream.
Disclosed is a method for encoding a decoding a video signal. In the procedure of encoding the video signal, when a frame temporarily simultaneous with a frame including a macro block of an enhanced layer which will obtain a prediction video does not exist in a base layer, the macro block is encoded based on difference values of residual data using corresponding residual blocks in a past frame and a future frame of the base layer which are residual data corresponding to image difference values and using a residual block for the macro block of the enhanced layer. In another embodiment, the macro block is encoded based on difference values of residual data using corresponding residual blocks in a past frame and a future frame of the enhanced layer and the residual block for the macro block. Accordingly, a residual prediction mode is applied for a macro block of an enhanced layer even if a frame temporally simultaneous with a frame of the enhanced layer does not exist in a base layer, thereby improve coding efficiency.
According to the invention, it is proposed a new method and device to process radio signal and convert them into MPEG transport stream (TS) packets, IP packets or other transport stream formats.
An apparatus, system, and method are disclosed for injecting noise onto a link of a network. The apparatus, system, and method include, providing a noise injector card, connecting the noise injector card to the link, receiving a control signal to activate the noise injector card, switching a switch of the noise injector card, and injecting noise onto the link.
A multiple-input-multiple-output (MIMO) wireless communication enhanced detection method and apparatus are proposed whereby quasi optimal link performance is achieved, at low complexity for MIMO systems including those of high dimension and those operating at very high SNR.
Aspects of the invention are directed to physical layer and data link layer signaling in digital video broadcast preamble symbols. Embodiments are directed to distributing physical layer pre-signalling data among preamble symbols. If physical layer data is larger than a predetermined number of preamble symbols, then excess physical layer data is written to data symbols immediately following the preamble symbols in top-down order symbol by symbol or the predetermined number of preamble symbols is increased. If physical layer data is not larger than the predetermined number of preamble symbols such that there is excess preamble symbol space, physical layer pipe 0 data comprising link layer signaling and notification data is carried in the excess preamble symbols or the excess preamble symbols are left empty. Different permutation rules may be used to frequency interleave odd-numbered versus even-numbered orthogonal frequency division multiplexing symbols.
Among others, techniques, systems and apparatus are described for estimating a channel in an orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) communication system. A method of estimating a channel in an orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) communication system includes sequentially receiving symbols. Each symbol includes pilots and data. The pilots included in each of first n symbols of the sequentially received symbols are placed in first areas of a memory component used for channel estimation. Data in second areas disposed between the first areas of the memory component are estimated. The pilots of at least one symbol after the nth symbol of the sequentially received symbols are placed in the first areas and the estimated data is updated in the second areas.
A method for a terminal of a cellular telecommunication system for determining system information about a node of a network of the telecommunication system is disclosed. The telecommunication system enables determination of the system information by the terminal from information transmitted from at least one cell operated by the node, where the telecommunication system employs Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiple Access. The method comprises receiving a transmission signal, comprising reference symbols and synchronisation symbols, from a network node of the at least one cell; estimating, for each transmit antenna of the network node, a preliminary channel estimate based on the received reference symbols; and estimating a pre-coding vector, being associated with transmission by at least one transmit antenna of the network node of the at least one cell, for the synchronisation symbols. Corresponding features for computer program, decoder and terminal are also disclosed.
A base station transmits a control channel transmitted before information channels upon performing differential coding between control channels of adjacent frequencies. A terminal apparatus performs transmission path estimation on the basis of a pilot while decoding the control channel having undergone the differential coding. The information channels are decoded on the basis of information obtained by decoding the control channel and a transmission path estimation result on the pilot.
The present invention relates to space-time or space-frequency coding in cellular systems. The same data is transmitted from different antennas with different coverage areas, corresponding to different cells. The different data streams have different parts of the space-time block codes applied. A mobile terminal can combine the different parts of the space-time block codes in different received signals. This provides better performance than the known techniques for single frequency networks. The invention can also be applied to antennas with different coverage areas from the same site, and different beams formed with antenna arrays.
A wireless communication system capable of achieving adaptive STTD (Space-time Transmit Diversity). In this system, a receiving apparatus uses a channel estimation to calculate SINR (Signal to Interference and Noise Ratio) of each of substreams in all the combinations of transmission antennas and also calculate the performance of the whole system in all the combinations of transmission antennas, thereby deciding a particular combination, which provides the best performance of the whole system, and obtaining a parameter for antenna selection. The SINR of each substream in the decided particular combination is used to decide an AMC parameter. A transmitting apparatus performs STTD and AMC based on the AMC parameter fed back from the receiving apparatus, and further selects, based on the antenna selection parameter fed back from the receiving apparatus, a particular combination of transmission antennas for performing a transmission.
Provided are a preamble structure and a channel estimation algorithm thereof. A communication method for a transmitter for channel estimation in a Multiple Input Multiple Output (MIMO) wireless communication system having N receiving antennas, includes generating a preamble interval having a short training field that includes a predetermined pattern iterated N times on a time domain and is used for compensating for a carrier frequency offset, and transmitting a packet having the preamble interval.
A method and apparatus for allocating a feedback channel in a multiple antenna communication system are provided. In a method of operating a Base Station (BS) for allocating a feedback channel in a Multi-User Multiple-Input Multiple-Output (MU-MIMO) communication system, the method includes measuring a MIMO transmission environment, determining an amount of feedback according to the MIMO transmission environment, and allocating a feedback channel according to an amount of the feedback.
Signals, including signals from outside of the subspace of bandlimited signals associated with the Shannon theorem, are acquired while still providing an acceptable reconstruction. In some aspects a denoising process is used in conjunction with sparse sampling techniques. For example, a denoising process utilizing a Cadzow algorithm may be used to reduce the amount of noise associated with sampled information. In some aspects the denoising process may be iterative such that the denoising process is repeated until the samples are denoised to a sufficient degree. In some aspects, the denoising process converts a set of received samples into another set corresponding to a signal with a Finite Rate of Innovation (FRI), or to an approximation of such a signal. The disclosure relates in some aspects to combination of a denoising process with annihilating filter methods to retrieve information from a noisy, sparse sampled signal. The disclosure relates in some aspects to determining a sampling kernel to be used to sample the signal based on noise associated with the signal. The disclosure relates in some aspects to determining the number of samples to obtain from a signal over a period of time based on noise associated with the signal. The disclosure relates in some aspects to determining the finite number of innovations of a received signal.
According to an aspect of an embodiment, a communication system includes a transmission apparatus with a coding section that generates multi-level-coded signals and transmits the multi-level-coded signals; and a deskew signal generation section that generates and transmits a deskew signal related to the multi-level-coded signals. The communication system also includes a receiving apparatus with a decoding section that decodes the multi-level-coded signals to generate decoded signals, and a deskew processing section that performs deskew processing for compensating skew among the decoded signals of the multiple channels. The deskew signal generation section generates the deskew signal that has been framed by extracting a part of the data from each of the channels of the input signals, adding framing data for enabling a receiving apparatus to recognize which channel the extracted data has been extracted from, and performing rate conversion.
Method and apparatus for configuring a transmitter circuit to support linear or polar mode. In the linear mode, a baseband signal is specified by adjusting the amplitudes of in-phase (I) and quadrature (Q) signals, while in the polar mode, the information signal is specified by adjusting the phase of a local oscillator (LO) signal and the amplitude of either an I or a Q signal. In an exemplary embodiment, two mixers are provided for both linear and polar mode, with a set of switches selecting the appropriate input signals provided to one of the mixers based on whether the device is operating in linear or polar mode. In an exemplary embodiment, each mixer may be implemented using a scalable architecture that efficiently adjusts mixer size based on required transmit power.
An object of the present invention is to efficiently perform weighted difference coding of two or more signals. Determination is made as to which of independent coding and weighted difference coding is to be used for each channel so that the total energy of the channel signals and weighted difference signals is minimized. A weighted difference signal is generated on the basis of the determination and a reference signal (parent) and a weight is generated as auxiliary codes, the difference signal is treated as an input channel signal, and the process of coding determination and difference signal and auxiliary code generation is repeated. The difference signal generated at the last iteration of the process and a signal to be coded by independent coding are compressive coded and the auxiliary codes generated at the iterations of the process are coded and outputted.
A communication semiconductor integrated circuit, has: a first computing element which adds the count value and the phase difference value and outputs a first computed value as an addition result; a second computing element which adds set frequency data obtained by dividing a carrier frequency by a reference frequency of the reference signal and modulation frequency data obtained by dividing a modulation frequency by the reference frequency, and outputs a second computed value as an addition result; a third computing element which subtracts the second computed value from the first computed value and outputs a third computed value as a subtraction result, the third computed value being a phase error; and a fourth computing element which adds the carrier frequency control value and the modulation frequency control value, and outputs the oscillator tuning word as an addition result.
Disclosed herein is a decoding device that decodes demodulated data obtained by demodulating a quadrature modulated signal arising from digital modulation of a carrier and detects synchronization, the decoding device including, a decoder configured to decode first demodulated data that is the demodulated data obtained by demodulating the quadrature modulated signal and is composed of in-phase axis data and quadrature axis data, and decode second demodulated data obtained by interchanging the in-phase axis data and the quadrature axis data of the first demodulated data, and a synchronization detector configured to detect a boundary between predetermined information symbol sequences from first decoded data obtained by decoding the first demodulated data and detect the boundary from second decoded data obtained by decoding the second demodulated data, the synchronization detector selecting and outputting one of the first decoded data and the second decoded data based on a result of the detection of the boundary.
There is provided a method and a system for estimating parameters of a multi-tone signal made up of at least one single-tone signal, wherein the method comprises: generating time samples of the multi-tone signal by using a sampler; calculating the discrete Fourier transform (DFT) frequency samples by using a processing unit; calculating an intermediate vector from the calculated discrete Fourier transform (DFT) frequency samples by using the processing unit; defining coefficients of a polynomial from the components of the intermediate vector; calculating the roots of the polynomial by using the processing unit; calculating an amplitude-related vector from at least the roots of the polynomial by using the processing unit; and calculating estimates of the parameters of the multi-tone signal from the roots of the polynomial and the amplitude-related vector.
In one embodiment, a wireless device for a wireless data communication system including the wireless device and a base station. The base station includes a plurality of first groups and a signal-processing unit. Each first group includes a receiver and at least one antenna connected to the receiver. The signal-processing unit includes memory and a processor adapted to process signals received by the first groups using a Maximum Likelihood Detection (MLD) method. The wireless device includes a plurality of second groups, each second group adapted to transmit a wireless signal to at least one first group via a corresponding communication channel. Each second group further includes a transmitter and at least one antenna connected to the transmitter. The signal-processing unit is adapted to store, in the memory, information corresponding to one or more transfer functions, each transfer function corresponding to transmission of a wireless signal from an antenna of the second groups to an antenna of the first groups. The transmitters and receivers are adapted to operate at essentially the same frequency or frequency band. Two or more of the communication channels are generated simultaneously. Each transmitter is adapted to modulate an information signal on a radio-frequency signal according to a Quadrature Amplitude Modulation (QAM) method to transmit QAM symbols. Each receiver is adapted to demodulate information signals from a received radio-frequency signal according to the QAM method.
A receiver, receiving method, and use of an in-phase signal and a quadrature-phase signal is provided, that includes a mixer in the receiving path, an oscillator whose output is connected to a mixer input of the mixer, whereby the oscillator is formed to output a base signal, oscillating at a base frequency, at the output, a clock generation device to generate a clock signal from the base signal, whose input is connected to the output of the oscillator, whereby the clock generation device has a frequency converter for converting a base frequency of the base signal by the factor F=x+A, where x is a positive whole number and A a rational number between 0 and 1, and a signal processing device, which is connected downstream of the mixer in the receive path, whereby the signal processing device is connected to the clock generation device for control with the clock signal.
A method for processing signals transmitted via a communication system includes: generating a first parameter associated with a signal power of a first signal; performing an adjacent channel interference (ACI) filtering operation upon the first signal to generate a second signal; generating a second parameter associated with a signal power of the second signal; comparing the first parameter with the second parameter to generate a comparison result; and detecting whether ACI exists in the communication system according to the comparison result to generate a detection result.
Methods and systems for adjusting a sampling rate of a digital radio receiver are disclosed that comprise the steps of receiving from a decoder a first frame of data having a first number of samples; determining at the digital radio receiver a phase difference between a receiver clock and a transmitter clock; generating at the digital radio receiver a second frame of data having a second number of samples, wherein the second number of samples depends on the phase difference between the receiver clock and the transmitter clock such that the second number of samples is less than the first number of samples if the transmitter clock is ahead of the receiver clock, and the second number of samples is greater than the first number of samples if the receiver clock is ahead of the transmitter clock; outputting the second frame of data having the second number of samples; and requesting a next frame of data from the decoder at a time that is earlier than a processing time for the first number of samples if the transmitter clock is ahead of the receiver clock and at a time that is later than the processing time for the first number of samples if the receiver clock is ahead of the transmitter clock such that the next frame of data from the decoder and a next transmitter frame are synchronized, and wherein whether the second number of samples is greater than or less than the first number of samples is determined by whether the sampling rate is increased or decreased.
The method and system of digital timing correction in a digital baseband communication system is disclosed. In one embodiment, a method includes receiving samples at a predetermined time interval based on a current clock signal of a receiver clock, reading in a prompt sample of the received samples and a successor sample of the received samples based on a control signal, interpolating a projected sample based on the prompt sample, the successor sample and a predetermined time offset, determining the time offset for interpolation, by accumulating sampling frequency offset between the receiver clock and a reference clock, relative to a sample timing of the prompt sample, resulting in an interpolated data sample rate reduced by an integer multiple factor compared to a received sample rate and receiving a next sample of the received samples based on the current clock signal of the receiver clock.
A sampling method and a data recovery circuit using the same are provided. The sampling method includes following steps. First, a first strobe, a second strobe, a third strobe, and a fourth strobe are provided, wherein the second strobe lags the first strobe a first predetermined phase, the third and the fourth strobe respectively lag the first and the second strobe a second predetermined phase, and the second predetermined phase is half of the first predetermined phase. Then, a digital signal is respectively sampled with the first and the second strobe. Thereafter, the positions of data transition points of the digital signal are determined according to the sampling results of the first and the second strobe. Next, the third or the fourth strobe is selected as a preferable sampling strobe according to the determination result. Finally, the digital signal is sampled with the preferable sampling strobe.
Apparatus for frame synchronization in a broadcast receiver where received frames comprise first and second synchronization words at predetermined locations in the frame, comprises: a correlator set with expected synchronization words for correlation with incoming symbols of said frame, to find probable locations of the first and second synchronization words within the frame, and a thresholder for thresholding the correlation according to both the first and second thresholds, thereby to allow, the receiver to synchronize with the frame.
A system for determining a time delay between an in-phase signal component and a quadrature-phase signal component includes an in-phase signal start time determination module coupled to an in-phase delay module, the in-phase signal start time determination module and the in-phase delay module configured to receive an in-phase signal component of a received signal. The in-phase signal start time determination module is configured to receive a reference signal. The system also includes a quadrature-phase signal start time determination module coupled to a quadrature-phase delay module, the quadrature-phase signal start time determination module and the quadrature-phase delay module configured to receive a quadrature-phase signal component of a received signal. The quadrature-phase signal start time determination module is configured to receive a reference signal, wherein the in-phase delay module is configured to develop an in-phase delay signal and the quadrature-phase delay module is configured to develop a quadrature-phase delay signal.
A substrate module having an embedded phase-locked loop is cooperated with at least one function unit mounted thereon for forming an integrated system. The substrate module includes a base, a multi-layer structure, a built-in circuit unit, and an external circuit unit. The built-in circuit unit is integrated inside the multi-layer structure and the multi-layer structure is formed in the base. The external circuit unit is mounted on the upper surface of the base and is electrically coupled to the built-in circuit unit for jointly forming a phase-locked loop, so as to cooperate with the function unit.
Techniques for frequency synthesis using upconversion PLL processes are described herein.
A method for controlling a modulation signal for modulating a phase locked loop. A scaling control signal for scaling the modulation signal is generated using the error signal of the phase locked loop. The scaling control signal is adjusted when the modulation signal and the phase of the modulation signal have the same sign.
A fast reactor having a reactivity control reflector has a reactor vessel in which a coolant is accommodated, a reactor core which is installed in the reactor vessel and dipped with the coolant, and a reflector installed outside of the reactor core so as to be movable in a vertical direction for controlling the reactivity of the reactor core. The reflector of the fast reactor has a lower neutron reflecting portion having a neutron reflection capability higher than that of the coolant and an upper cavity portion located above the neutron reflecting portion and having a neutron reflection capability lower than that of the coolant. The cavity portion is composed of a plurality of cylindrical hermetically-sealed vessels.
The object of this invention is to provide a method for mitigating a stress corrosion cracking of reactor structural material which makes it possible to suppress the rise in the main steam line dose rate without secondary effects such as a rise in the concentration of radioactive cobalt-60, etc. in the reactor water. Hydrogen and a reductive nitrogen compound containing nitrogen having a negative oxidation number (for example, hydrazine) are injected into the core water of boiling water nuclear power plant. By injecting the reductive nitrogen compound containing nitrogen having a negative oxidation number into the core water, the stress corrosion cracking of structural material of reactor can be mitigated without side reactions such as a rise in the concentration of cobalt-60, etc.
A method of monitoring activities of a user may include receiving information about the user, determining whether the user takes a step, determining the number of steps taken by the user and the length of the steps, and determining at least one of speed of the user, distance traveled by the user, and heart rate of the user.
Disclosed are methods, systems, and computer-product programs for increasing accuracy in cone-beam computed tomography.
A method for mapping radiological image data from a source imaging system to a target imaging system obtains sensitometric response data for both the source and the target imaging systems and identifies an anchor point that relates a specified source signal value to a specified target signal value. A transform is applied to map a range of source signal values to a corresponding range of target signal values, wherein the transform is defined according to the sensitometric response data obtained for both the source and the target imaging systems and according to the identified anchor point.
A system and method are disclosed for acquiring images in a biplane angiography system. The system and method allows synchronization of the image zoom format settings for the x-ray images acquired from the two planes of the biplane angiography system thus allowing the user to adjust the image zoom format setting for only one image plane.
An X-ray imaging apparatus includes: a mobile system console with an X-ray irradiator and a control circuit; and a portable detector panel with an X-ray detector, an interface electronic circuit, and a power supply battery. The system console includes an accommodating section for accommodating the detector panel at the time of nonuse, and the detector panel includes feeding control device for unexecuting and executing feeding to the electronic circuit from the battery according to the accommodation and non-accommodation in the accommodating section, respectively.
An X-ray detecting stand that includes an X-ray detector, a vertical column that supports the X-ray detector so as to be movable, and elevating device for raising and lowering the X-ray detector along the column through a belt, including a balancing mechanism that exerts force, which balances a load by the X-ray detector, to the belt by a clockwork spring. The balancing mechanism has a wire having one end coupled to the belt at the side opposite to the X-ray detector, a wheel that reels up the other end of the wire, and a clockwork spring that applies take-up torque to the wheel.
An X-ray optical alignment system for X-ray imaging devices includes a visible-light point source and a multi-axis positioner therefor, fixedly mounted with respect to the X-ray focal spot. A mirror or beamsplitter is fixedly mounted with respect to the X-ray focal spot and disposed in the beam path of the X-ray source. The beamsplitter reflects light emitted from the light source and transmits X-rays emitted from the X-ray source. A first X-ray attenuating grid is fixedly but removably mountable with respect to the X-ray source, having a first X-ray attenuation pattern; and a second X-ray attenuating grid is adjustably mountable with respect to the first grid having a second X-ray attenuating pattern corresponding to the first X-ray attenuating pattern. When the grids are aligned, their attenuating patterns are also aligned and allow X-rays from the X-ray source and light reflected from the beamsplitter to pass therethrough.
A calibration phantom for quality assurance of an image-based radiotherapy apparatus The calibration phantom includes a body comprising a cylindrical acryl member having a predetermined diameter, the body having a center hole at a center axis thereof and a plurality of through-holes in outer circumferential portions thereof at a predetermined interval from the center hole; round stick-type density bars inserted into corresponding through-holes of the body and made of materials each with different densities; an acrylic cover detachably coupled with both ends of the body and having the same diameter as the body; and a plurality of bolts closely fastening the body with the cover by extending through the cover and the body and coupling with the nuts and each made of different materials. The cross-sectional shapes of the density bars and bolts appear on the image scanned by the CT apparatus and the radiotherapy apparatus.
A method for analyzing automatic line insulation testing (ALIT) data comprising inserting ALIT error data into an ALIT database that includes records for exceptions located in the error data. A number of exceptions occurring on a selected summary date is calculated in response to receiving a summary request from a user including the selected summary date. Input to the calculating is the selected summary date and the ALIT database. The number of exceptions occurring on the summary date is transmitted to the user in response to the calculating. The user records located in the ALIT database that include a selected detail date are transmitted to the user in response to receiving from the user a request including the selected detail date. The ALIT database is updated with repair package information in response to receiving an add repair package request.
A dial testing system and a dial testing method using the dial testing system are provided. The dial testing system includes a dial testing agent device adapted to perform an automatic dial testing through a network element and control an automatic dial testing result reported by the network element; and a dial testing server adapted to collect the automatic dial testing result reported by the dial testing agent device. The dial testing system and the dial testing method provided by the present invention may assure allsidedness of a dial testing, enhance the speed and quality of the dial testing operation, and save a large amount of manpower and material resources.
There is provided a method of detecting and reporting poor voice quality for use by a gateway device. The method comprises facilitating a connection between a telephone and a remote telephone via a network, and detecting a poor voice quality indictor during the connection. The method further comprises capturing, for a pre-determined period of time, telephone voice data being exchanged between the gateway and the telephone, network voice data being exchanged between the gateway and the network, and gateway parameters. The method also comprises packetizing the telephone voice data, the network voice data and the gateway parameters into a plurality packets having a network address of a network storage, and transmitting the plurality packets destined for the network storage via the network. In one aspect, the poor voice quality indictor may be generated by a user of the telephone in response to a poor voice quality of the connection.
A system and method for providing a user with an accurate audible pronunciation of a person's name in a non-call environment using the spoken name pre-recorded and saved at the person's Voice Mail system is described herein. An Application Server can obtain an audio file of a person speaking his or her name for the external Voice Mail System to which he or she subscribes, and provide the audio file to a User requesting to hear an accurate pronunciation of the person's name. The Application Server can provide this spoken name pronunciation feature as part of a Directory Information Service, talking call waiting feature, or to other Online Applications.
Data pertaining to interactions between a plurality of customers is obtained. A graph is formed, having a plurality of nodes representing the customers and a plurality of edges representing interactions between the customers. A sub-set of the customers are denoted as previously churned customers. A spreading activation model is applied to the graph to identify, based on the graph and the previously churned customers, the potential churning customers.
A method for making telephone calls whereby advertisers sponsor free calling minutes to telephone customers. In addition, the platform is useful for placing targeted advertising. To this end, advertisers are allowed to insert audio, text and video advertising in an active telephone connection, typically at the beginning of a circuit connection, and a statistical method is exploited to accurately identify and target customers with advertisements based on profiles and past calling activities. In addition, a mathematic modeling system provides a guide to a delivery pattern so that advertiser sponsorship benefits the most customers and permits low cost advertisement placement directed to specific customers and telephone systems.
Systems for providing a tune master caller identification (ID) device include a telecommunications network and a caller device configured to provide caller identification information for an incoming telephone call, and a tune master caller ID device that is coupled to a telephone device. The tune master caller ID device receives caller identification information, associates a tune with the caller identification information, and plays the tune associated with the caller identification. The telephone device coupled to the tune master caller ID device provides telephone call processing capabilities. Other systems and methods are also provided.
A telephone subscriber registers with a digital telephone service provider (DTSP) to obtain telephone service. The telephone subscriber also registers with an instant messaging service provider (IMSP) and receives a screen name. The telephone subscriber registers the screen name with the DTSP to receive caller identifying information (CID) via instant messaging (IM) (sometimes referred to herein as “CID IM service”). When a call to the telephone number of the telephone subscriber is received at a switch operated by the DTSP, the DTSP confirms that the telephone subscriber has registered a screen name with the DTSP and then sends the caller identification information to the IMSP. The IMSP then sends an instant message containing the caller identification information to the telephone subscriber's instant message client.
A system that incorporates teachings of the present disclosure may include, for example, a call processing element in a communication system having a controller to detect an incoming call directed to a called party, retrieve presence information associated with a plurality of communication devices of the called party, retrieve presence information of a calling party initiating the incoming call, and determine from the presence information of the called party, the presence information of the calling party, and a call processing profile of the called party how to respond to the incoming call. Other embodiments are disclosed.
A method for enhancing telematics services is disclosed. The method includes capturing a voice print of a user and receiving a verbal request for a telematics service. A voice associated with the verbal request is compared with the captured voice print, and if the voice associated with the verbal request matches the captured voice print, a telematics unit associated with the user is instructed to activate a service that fulfills the verbal request.
A method and system for establishing a conference call is presented. The method uses the Session Initiation Protocol for transporting conference information to a conference server, wherein the conference is represented in a markup language.
A disclosed method of authenticating a telephone caller includes receiving an authentication request for the telephone caller that includes a voice recording of the caller and household information indicative of a household, creating a first voice pattern based on the voice recording of the caller, retrieving a second voice pattern using at least some of the household information, comparing the two voice patterns, and transmitting information indicative of the results of the comparison. The transmitted information may include information that the telephone caller is authenticated, is not authenticated, or that the comparison results were inconclusive. The method may include monitoring telephone calls with the household, and if it is determined that a voice on at least some of the telephone calls is associated with the household, creating the second voice pattern based on the voice, and associating the second voice pattern to the household. The method may further include disassociating the second voice pattern from the household if it is determined that a change of household has occurred.
A method of propagating information across a network may include receiving, from a subscriber mobile device coupled to the network, information associated with a subscriber of a service provider. The information may be sent in response to a setting change associated with the information. The method may also include identifying, from a registry, one or more contacts associated with the subscriber to whom the information should be transmitted over the network, where the one or more contacts may be included in an address book associated with the subscriber. For each identified contact, a notice associated with the information may be sent to a server node associated with the contact for propagation over the network to a mobile device associated with the contact.
A communication assistance system includes a database having a plurality of listings therein, each of the listings includes a least one contact name and a contact information. A means is provided for receiving incoming communications from a plurality of requesters seeking a listing. A table stores past requested listings of the requesters, where the system reviews the table for storing past requested listings and, based on contents contained in the past requested listing table, develops a list of requesters to target a promotion to, whereupon when a requester who is among the list of requesters contacts the system, they are provided with the promotion.
Methods are disclosed for routing callers to agents in a contact center, along with an intelligent routing system. One or more agents are graded on achieving an optimal interaction, such as increasing revenue, decreasing cost, or increasing customer satisfaction. Callers are then preferentially routed to a graded agent to obtain an increased chance at obtaining a chosen optimal interaction. In a more advanced embodiment, caller and agent demographic and psychographic characteristics can also be determined and used in a pattern matching algorithm to preferentially route a caller with certain characteristics to an agent with certain characteristics to increase the chance of an optimal interaction.
A contact center receives an image and processes the image to identify useful information. From this information, a routing parameter is obtained for use in routing a contact relating to that image to an agent or other resource of the contact center. In this way a received image can be employed to route a contact.
A computer readable storage medium holding a program element for execution by a processor for processing voice calls. The program element comprises an input interface to receive at a customer premises a signal carrying a call request indicative of an incoming voice call, wherein the call request includes a call destination identifier. Also present, a processing element at a customer premises coupled to the input interface. The processing element processes the call destination data to distinguish the call destination identifier from other call destination identifiers that the signal can carry. The processing element also processes the call request to select a handset to which the incoming call is to be linked on the basis of the call destination identifier and links the voice call to the handset. Also provided are a telephone system and method and a telephone system and method involving forwarding calls to voice mail services.
Systems and methods are disclosed for routing callers to agents in a contact center. Exemplary methods and systems include using one of a plurality of different methods or computer models for matching callers to agents, the method or model selected based on a type of phone or phone number associated with a caller (e.g., residential, business, or mobile). The models may include queue routing, performance based matching, adaptive pattern matching algorithms, or the like. In one example, similar adaptive models may be used for two or more different types of phones, but trained differently, e.g., based on data and outcomes for the particular type of phone. Different models for routing callers to agents may perform differently for different types of phones. Further, training correlation or adaptive pattern matching algorithms based on different types of phones may improve performance compared to a single algorithm for all types of phones.
Methods are disclosed for routing callers to agents in a contact center, along with an intelligent routing system. One or more agents are graded on achieving an optimal interaction, such as increasing revenue, decreasing cost, or increasing customer satisfaction. Callers are then preferentially routed to a graded agent to obtain an increased chance at obtaining a chosen optimal interaction. In a more advanced embodiment, caller and agent demographic and psychographic characteristics can also be determined and used in a pattern matching algorithm to preferentially route a caller with certain characteristics to an agent with certain characteristics to increase the chance of an optimal interaction.
Systems and methods are disclosed for routing callers to agents in a contact center, along with an intelligent routing system. An exemplary method includes combining multiple output variables of a pattern matching algorithm (for matching callers and agents) into a single metric for use in the routing system. The pattern matching algorithm may include a neural network architecture, where the exemplary method combines output variables from multiple neural networks. The method may include determining a Z-score of the variable outputs and determining a linear combination of the determined Z-scores for a desired output. Callers may be routed to agents via the pattern matching algorithm to maximize the output value or score of the linear combination. The output variables may include revenue generation, cost, customer satisfaction performance, first call resolution, cancellation, or other variable outputs from the pattern matching algorithm of the system.
Methods are disclosed for routing callers to agents in a contact center, along with an intelligent routing system. One or more agents are graded on achieving an optimal interaction, such as increasing revenue, decreasing cost, or increasing customer satisfaction. Callers are then preferentially routed to a graded agent to obtain an increased chance at obtaining a chosen optimal interaction. In a more advanced embodiment, caller and agent demographic and psychographic characteristics can also be determined and used in a pattern matching algorithm to preferentially route a caller with certain characteristics to an agent with certain characteristics to increase the chance of an optimal interaction.
A method, article of manufacture and apparatus for performing private retrieval of information from a database is disclosed. In one embodiment, the method comprising obtaining an index corresponding to information to be retrieved from the database and generating a query that does not reveal the index to the database. The query is an arithmetic function of the index and a secret value, wherein the arithmetic function includes a multiplication group specified by a modulus of a random value whose order is divisible by a prime power, such that the prime power is an order of the random value. The secret value is an arithmetic function of the index that comprises a factorization into prime numbers of the modulus. The method further comprises communicating the query to the database for execution of the arithmetic function against the entirety of the database.
A method, article of manufacture and apparatus for performing private retrieval of information from a database is disclosed. In one embodiment, the method comprising obtaining an index corresponding to information to be retrieved from the database and generating a query that does not reveal the index to the database. The query is an arithmetic function of the index and a secret value, wherein the arithmetic function includes a multiplication group specified by a modulus of a random value whose order is divisible by a prime power, such that the prime power is an order of the random value. The secret value is an arithmetic function of the index that comprises a factorization into prime numbers of the modulus. The method further comprises communicating the query to the database for execution of the arithmetic function against the entirety of the database.
A system and methods for permitting open access to data objects and for securing data within the data objects is disclosed. According to one embodiment of the present invention, a method for securing a data object is disclosed. According to one embodiment of the present invention, a method for securing a data object is disclosed. The method includes the steps of (1) providing a data object comprising digital data and file format information; (2) embedding independent data into a data object; and (3) scrambling the data object to degrade the data object to a predetermined signal quality level. The steps of embedding and scrambling may be performed until a predetermined condition is met. The method may also include the steps of descrambling the data object to upgrade the data object to a predetermined signal quality level, and decoding the embedded independent data. The additional steps of descrambling and decoding may be performed until a predetermined condition is met. The predetermined condition may include, for example, reaching a desired signal quality of the data object.
The invention comprises an encoder for encoding a stegotext and a decoder for decoding the encoded stegotext, the stegotext being generated by modulating the log power spectrogram of a covertext signal with at least one key, the or each key having been added or subtracted in the log domain to the covertext power spectrogram in accordance with the data of the watermark code with which the stegotext was generated, and the modulated power spectrogram having been returned into the original domain of the covertext. The decoder carries out Fast Fourier Transformation and rectangular polar conversion of the stegotext signal so as to transform the stegotext signal into the log power spectrogram domain; subtracts in the log power domain positive and negative multiples of the key or keys from blocks of the log power spectrogram and evaluates the probability of the results of such subtractions representing an unmodified block of covertext in accordance with a predetermined statistical model.
Systems and methods include broadcasting an entitlement management message (EMM) in a communication system using a scheduled delivery window. The systems and methods including receiving a EMM broadcast window from a distribution system, listening for the EMM during the EMM broadcast window, and receiving the EMM from the distribution system during the EMM broadcast window.
A method and communication node for providing secure communications and services in a High Availability (HA) cluster. The communication node comprises an Operating System (OS) that detects an unavailability of a first service application process and switches a second service application process from the first state to the second state, the second service application being selected for taking over service currently provided from the first service application process, the first state and the second state each being associated to a set of rights in the cluster. The OS generates a private key for the second service application process based on its second state. The set of rights associated to the second state allows the OS to replace the first service application process with the second service application process for providing secure communications between the second service application and other service application processes in the HA cluster.
A QKD arrangement with a photon source generating entangled idler and signal photons, with two measuring units, one of which receiving the idler photons and the other one receiving the signal photons, and each including an optical module with photon channels, wherein a photon passes a photon channel as a function of its polarization, and a device for detecting the photons in association to its respective photon channel, as well as a time control for timingly adjusting the detection devices; the photon source is adapted for pulsed emission of photon pairs, and an interrupting unit supplying the signal photons to the optical module in pulsed manner is arranged upstream of the other measuring unit, the photon channels in each optical module including delay units with different delay periods, and only one single-photon detector associates the photons to the photon channels on the basis of a time pattern.
Described is a process for encrypting and compressing data for storage by computing systems. A data stream received by a computing system is separated into data chunks for storage on a storage device using a data layout format. Each data chunk is examined and if possible, compressed to produce a compressed data chunk. Whether or not the data chunk can be compressed, the data chunk is encrypted and stored on the storage device in addition to metadata that describes the data chunk. When reading the stored data chunk from the storage device, the metadata identifies the starting location of the stored data chunk and provides metadata information to the computing system for decryption and decompression processing.
When a network pages the temporary user mobile identifier of a mobile station, the mobile station sends a response to the network. Next, the network checks the authenticity of the user using a ciphering key, corresponding to the temporary user mobile identifier and a random number. If the temporary user mobile identifier is authenticated, a normal incoming call acceptance procedure is executed. If the mobile station is authenticated although the temporary user mobile identifier is wrong, the network reassigns a new temporary user mobile identifier to the mobile station and stops the current communication. In communication, the network and the mobile station mutually notify encipherment-onset time and negotiate about encipherment manner with each other. In addition, diversity handover is commenced upon a call attempt. Furthermore, if a branch replacement is necessary, the current branch is replaced by new branches capable of executing the diversity handover. Additionally, when a new call occurs to or from the mobile station capable of treating a plurality of calls simultaneously, the mobile station uses the same branch structure and the same communication frequency band for all of calls. Additionally, when a new call occurs to or from the mobile station capable of treating a plurality of calls simultaneously, a branch structure and a communication frequency band, which can continue all of the calls, are selected and used. Therefore, the mobile communications system is suitable for transmission of various sorts of data in accordance with the development of multimedia.
Methods and systems for preventing generation of decryption keys via statistical sample gathering may include verifying a one-key message authentication code (OMAC) decryption key in received data and inserting a delay time before subsequent OMAC verifications upon a failure of the verifying. The delay time may be increased, doubled, for example, with each failure of the subsequent OMAC verifications. The cryptographic system may be disabled upon reaching a defined number of OMAC verification failures. The delay time may be reset upon an OMAC verification pass. A number of OMAC verification failures may be stored in non-volatile memory. The OMAC verification may be one of a plurality of key verifications in a key ladder system. A service provider may be required to reset the cryptographic system when the cryptographic system may be disabled due to multiple OMAC failures. The received data may be AES, DES or 3-DES encrypted.
Multi-key content processing systems and methods, for processing content with at least one distribution target position. Each of the distribution target positions corresponds to an authorization key. An example method includes the steps of: encrypting said content with a content key; forming a key link based on said content key and the authorization key of said at least one distribution target position; and attaching said key link to the encrypted content.
Digital rights management (DRM) can be effectively implemented through use of an anchor point and binding records in a user domain and backed up through use of an escrow anchor point and an escrow binding record in an anchor point based digital rights management system. An escrow binding record provides additional functionality and reliability to a DRM system by allowing a user to use of digital content even after an access device has been lost or compromised.
An audio enhancement system and method for use receives a group of multi-channel audio signals and provides a simulated surround sound environment through playback of only two output signals. The multi-channel audio signals comprise a pair of front signals intended for playback from a forward sound stage and a pair of rear signals intended for playback from a rear sound stage. The front and rear signals are modified in pairs by separating an ambient component of each pair of signals from a direct component and processing at least some of the components with a head-related transfer function. Processing of the individual audio signal components is determined by an intended playback position of the corresponding original audio signals. The individual audio signal components are then selectively combined with the original audio signals to form two enhanced output signals for generating a surround sound experience upon playback.
A system for regulating the volume and frequency content of audio producing devices, the system includes: one or more noise making objects (NMO) configured with individual sound control devices in electrical communication with a noise management server and one or more audio producing devices configured with individual sound control devices; wherein the sound control devices have electronic logic processing, storage, and communication capabilities; wherein the noise management server utilize the sound control devices to: determine whether the NMO are producing noise in the audible range of one or more audio producing devices; determine a noise characteristic of the one or more NMO; command the one or more NMO to send the noise characteristic to the one or more audio producing devices; and wherein the volume and frequency content of audio produced by the one or more audio producing devices is adjusted in response to the received noise characteristic.
A sound channel detection circuit includes a amplifier circuit and a LED. The amplifier circuit has an input connected to a connector for receiving an AC voltage signal and an output. The LED has an anode connected to the output of the amplifier circuit and a cathode connected to ground, when a sound channel circuit to be tested works normally, the AC voltage is amplified by the amplifier circuit and drives the LED to flash, when the sound channel circuit to be tested is not working, the LED doesn't emit light. The sound channel detection circuit with the amplifier circuit and the LED can improve the accuracy and efficiency of detection in a situation of a batch production in a noisy environment.
Sound signal reception is improved by utilizing a plurality of microphones to capture sound signals which are then weighed to dynamically adjust signal quality. A first sound signal and a second sound signal are obtained from first and second microphones, respectively, where the first and second sound signals originate from one or more sound sources. A first signal characteristic (e.g., signal power, signal signal-to-noise ratio, etc.) is obtained for the first sound signal and a second signal characteristic is obtained for the second sound signal. The first and second sound signals are weighed or scaled based on their respective first and second signal characteristics. The weighed first and second sound signals are then combined to obtain an output sound signal.
Apparatus and Method for canceling or reducing voice sounds produced during a conversation by the user of a cellular telephone or other communication device such that other persons close to the user cannot hear the users voice and is not disturbed by the conversation.
A noise attenuation device comprising a first tube for receiving an acoustic signal, a first housing defining a first cavity between a first surface and a second surface, the first tube being coupled to the first housing at the first surface for conducting the acoustic signal into the first cavity, wherein one end of the first tube contacts the first surface at a first region with a first area, a second housing defining a second cavity between a first surface and a second surface, and a second tube coupled between the second surface of the first housing and the first surface of the second housing for conducting the acoustic signal between the first cavity and the second cavity, wherein one end of the second tube contacts the second surface of the first housing at a second region with a second area, wherein the first tube, the first housing and the second tube form a filter structure and the area of the first surface of the first housing is greater than the first area and the area of the second surface of the first housing is greater than the second area.
Masking thresholds are obtained for each frequency component of sound data and ambient noise. It is determined whether each frequency component of the sound data is masked by at least one of the other frequency components of the sound data. It is further determined whether each frequency component of the sound data is masked by ambient noise. Correction coefficients are set for each frequency component of the sound data according to whether the frequency component is masked by at least one of the other frequency components of the sound data and whether the frequency component is masked by the ambient noise. And each frequency component of the sound data is corrected by using the respective correction coefficients.
A microphone arrangement includes pressure gradient transducers that include a diaphragm. Each pressure gradient transducer has a first sound inlet opening that leads to a front portion of the diaphragm and a second sound inlet opening that leads to a back portion of the diaphragm. The directional characteristic of each pressure gradient transducer includes an omni portion, a figure-eight portion, and a direction of maximum sensitivity in a main direction. The acoustic centers of the pressure gradient transducers lie within an imaginary sphere having a radius corresponding to about double the largest dimension of the diaphragm. Projections of the main directions of the pressure gradient transducers form angles between about 110° and about 130° in a base plane.
A method synthesizes a microphone signal from a coincident microphone arrangement through multiple pressure gradient transducers. The pressure gradient transducers have directional characteristics that include an omni portion and a figure-eight portion. The direction of maximum sensitivity of the transducers lies within in a main direction. The method synthesizes a signal by forming a difference signal and a summed signal from the output of the two pressure gradient transducers. The difference and summed signals are converted into the frequency domain before the signals are spectrally subtracted. The method designates a representative phase to the magnitude of the spectrally subtracted signal. The phase corresponds to the phase of the summed signal. The signal and phase is then converted into the time domain.
A microphone arrangement includes multiple pressure gradient transducers having an acoustic center, a first sound inlet opening leading to a front of a diaphragm, and a second sound inlet opening leading the back of the diaphragm. A directional characteristic of the pressure gradient transducers includes an omni portion and a figure-eight portion. The pressure gradient transducers have a direction of maximum sensitivity in a main direction. Each main direction of the pressure gradient transducers is inclined. The acoustic center of a pressure transducer and the pressure gradient transducers are positioned within an imaginary sphere having a radius that corresponds to double the largest dimension of the diaphragm of one of the transducers.
A method includes comparing a magnitude value of an audio signal in a fixed unit section with a target volume level, measuring audio gain in each fixed unit section using specific functions which are each determined to be different according to a ratio of the target volume level to the audio signal magnitude, and providing the measured audio gain to the audio signal in the fixed unit section.
A vibration transducer includes a substrate, a diaphragm formed using deposited films having conductive property, which has a plurality of arms extended from the center portion in a radial direction, a plate formed using deposited films having conductive property, and a plurality of diaphragm supports formed using deposited films, which join the arms so as to support the diaphragm above the substrate with a prescribed gap therebetween. A plurality of bumps is formed in the arms of the diaphragm so as to prevent the diaphragm from being attached to the substrate or the plate. When the diaphragm vibrates relative to the plate, an electrostatic capacitance therebetween is varied so as to detect variations of pressure applied thereto. In addition, a plurality of diaphragm holes is appropriately aligned in the arms of the diaphragm so as to improve the sensitivity while avoiding the occurrence of adherence.
A speaker set includes a hollow shell, a back cover, and a loudspeaker. The shell includes at least one partition wall dividing an inner space of the shell into a first chamber, a second chamber, and a third chamber. The loudspeaker is packaged between the shell and the back cover. The loudspeaker is accommodated in the first chamber, and divides the first chamber into a front sub-chamber and a rear sub-chamber. The front and rear sub-chambers respectively communicate with the second and third chambers thereby forming a front resonance chamber and a rear resonance chamber respectively. The loudspeaker has a plurality of front tone holes and a plurality of rear tone holes respectively communicating with the front sub-chamber and the rear sub-chamber. The front resonance chamber communicates with a surrounding environment so that sound waves emanating from the front tone holes can be transmitted to the surrounding environment.
A method and apparatus for a multi-chamber ported stereo speaker is disclosed. The stereo speaker is a single unit with multi-chambers in an enclosure box. The multi chamber ported speaker comprises an enclosure housing a shared acoustic chamber having an external port for allowing air external of the enclosure box to flow into the shared acoustic chamber, and at least two additional chambers comprising a corresponding internal port in each additional chamber for forming an air pass from each additional chamber with the shared chamber, each additional chamber comprising a corresponding driver mounted through a wall of the chamber and enclosure box for forming the ported speaker.
One or more embodiments may provide for a size adjustable earphone that may include a foldable sleeve attached to an earphone housing. A first end of the foldable sleeve may embrace the earphone housing, where an opposite second end of the foldable sleeve may be adapted to be folded. The foldable sleeve may be adapted to be kept in a first unfolded position, providing the earphone housing including the foldable sleeve with a first diametrical size, and in a second folded position, providing the earphone housing including the foldable sleeve with a second diametrical size. The second diametrical size may be larger than the first diametrical size.
A method includes adhering an audiometric device to a surface of an ear or to an ear canal, the audiometric device including an adhesive contacting the surface of the ear or the ear canal; and conducting an audiometric procedure with the audiometric device adhered to the surface of the ear or the ear canal.
A speaker apparatus comprising a speaker housing member and a supporting bracket that can be easily installed on a spa or any other desired supporting surface. The speaker apparatus is configured such that the speaker housing member can move between a plurality of different positions relative to the supporting bracket, including at least an upward position and a downward position. In some embodiments, the speaker apparatus has a visual display that changes the orientation of the information so that the information is displayed in an upright orientation regardless of the orientation of the speaker housing member. In some embodiments, the speaker apparatus can comprise controls to control the speaker apparatus, audio signal source, spa, or other components.
A speaker set configured for a portable electronic device includes a hollow shell, a back cover, and a loudspeaker sandwiched between the shell of the back cover. The shell includes a first chamber, a second chamber, a third chamber and a fourth chamber. The second and third chambers are positioned at opposite sides of the first chamber, and communicate with a surrounding environment at opposite sides of the shell. The loudspeaker is accommodated in the first chamber, and divides the first chamber into a front sub-chamber and a rear sub-chamber. The front sub-chamber communicates with the second and the third chambers thereby forming a front resonance chamber. The rear sub-chamber communicates with the fourth chamber thereby forming a rear resonance chamber. Sound waves generated from the loudspeaker are transmitted to and resonate in the front and rear resonance chambers and then transmitted to the surrounding environment in opposite directions.
A system for adjusting a response of a loudspeaker system. The system includes a woofer installed in a housing. The woofer includes a woofer cone. A transmitter for transmitting an ultrasonic audio signal towards the woofer cone. A receiver for receiving the ultrasonic audio signal. A detection unit for determining the position of the woofer cone on the basis of a difference between the phase of the reflected ultrasonic audio signal with respect to the ultrasonic audio signal transmitted from the transmitter. A control unit for adjusting a spring constant of the membrane of the loudspeaker system on the basis of the determined position. A method for adjusting a response of a loudspeaker system, to a module to be used in the system. A computer program product including computer code for adjusting a response of the loudspeaker system.
A speaker device includes a speaker and a connecting component. The speaker has a pair of input terminals spaced apart with a first predetermined distance therebetween. The connecting component electrically couples the speaker to a printed circuit board. The connecting component has a relay-use printed circuit board and a pair of lead wires. The relay-use printed circuit includes a pair of sub-board portions and a separation portion. The sub-board portions have a pair of terminal holes. The input terminals of the speaker are disposed through the terminal holes, respectively. The separation portion is disposed between the sub-board portions to couple the sub-board portions with a second predetermined distance between the terminal holes of the sub-board portions, and selectively separate the sub-board portions when the first predetermined distance between the input terminals of the speaker is different from the second predetermined distance between the terminal holes of the sub-board portions.
An acoustic transducer comprises one or more electromagnetic motors that drive one or more sets of multiple diaphragms to provide acoustically efficient loudspeaker systems having dimensions that allow use in applications that would be difficult or impossible with traditional transducers. The diaphragms may be driven directly, inertially or fluidically. If diaphragms are driven by rods that pass through holes in the diaphragms, noise may be generated by air that leaks through the pass-through holes. This noise may be reduced or eliminated by measures that reduce or eliminate the air leakage.
A speaker comprises a diaphragm, a drive assembly for producing movement of said diaphragm responsive to an applied electrical signal to generate audible sounds, and at least one mechanical dampener applied to a surface of the speaker to dissipate energy when the dampener is impacted by said diaphragm.
This invention relates to acoustic drivers with stationary and moving coils. Time varying signals are applied to the moving and stationary coils to control the movement of a diaphragm, which produces audible sound. The time varying signals correspond to an input audio signal such that the sound corresponds to the input audio signal. Some of the described embodiments include multiple moving coils, multiple stationary coils or both. Some embodiments include feedback for adjusting one or more of the signals based on a characteristic of the acoustic driver. Various compensation and other features of the invention are also described in relation to various embodiments.
A method of reading a gauge may include capturing a digital image of the gauge with a gauge reading device attached to the gauge, the digital image comprising a plurality of pixels; determining an angle of a gauge feature based on positions of predetermined pixels of the digital image; and converting the angle into a gauge reading. Gauge reader devices and network based systems are also disclosed.
Data to be embedded is divided and thus embedded in areas internal to a block corresponding to a predetermined region of a scanned image. Of the areas, a defined area has the embedded data's identification information embedded therein. A detection apparatus includes a counter including a region including a region storing identification information and a region storing a count value corresponding to embedded data divided that is detected in an area other than the defined area, and classifies a count value corresponding to embedded data divided that is detected from a scanned image for each identification information detected in the block, and stores it to the counter. The detection apparatus identifies data stored for each identification information that has the largest count value for each area as data embedded in that area, and reconstructs the embedded data.
A method of recognizing the environment of an image from an image and position information associated with the image includes acquiring the image and its associated position information; using the position information to acquire an aerial image correlated to the position information; identifying the environment of the image from the acquired aerial image; and storing the environment of the image in association with the image for subsequent use.
Provided are a system and method for real-time object recognition and pose estimation using in-situ monitoring. The method includes the steps of: a) receiving 2D and 3D image information, extracting evidences from the received 2D and 3D image information, recognizing an object by comparing the evidences with model, and expressing locations and poses by probabilistic particles; b) probabilistically fusing various locations and poses and finally determining a location and a pose by filtering inaccurate information; c) generating ROI by receiving 2D and 3D image information and the location and pose from the step b) and collecting and calculating environmental information; d) selecting an evidence or a set of evidences probabilistically by receiving the information from the step c) and proposing a cognitive action of a robot for collecting additional evidence; and e) repeating the steps a) and b) and the steps c) and d) in parallel until a result of object recognition and pose estimation is probabilistically satisfied.
A method for characterizing a flue gas burnout quality of a combustion process in a combustion system having a gas burnout zone includes optically detecting in a visible wavelength range, in a flow cross section of the gas burnout zone, low-soot combustion regions, regions without combustion, and sooting regions, so as to provide a plurality of successive individual images, the regions without combustion and the sooting regions having different dynamics. The plurality of successive individual images are analyzed so as to distinguish regions of transition, to the low-soot combustion regions, of the regions without combustion and the sooting regions.
A vehicle environment recognition system includes stereo-image taking means for taking images of an environment around a subject vehicle and for outputting the images as a reference image and a comparative image, first stereo matching means for forming a first distance image on the basis of the reference image and the comparative image or on the basis of two images obtained by preprocessing the reference image and the comparative image, second stereo matching means for forming a second distance image on the basis of two images obtained by preprocessing the reference image and the comparative image in a different manner, detection means for detecting objects in the reference image on the basis of the first and second distance images, and selection means for selecting one of the results of detection based on the first and second distance images.
An image processing apparatus includes: a pixel selecting unit that selects pixel values which are provided at each of pixel positions in input images that are arranged in chronological sequence, each of the pixel values being included in a corresponding one of the input images, on the basis of an input image to be processed which is set in the middle of the sequence; a moving-object detecting unit that detects a moving object using the selected pixel values, and that produces information items concerning the moving object as moving-object information items; and an output-image generating unit that generates pixel values of an output image, each of the pixel values being generated for a corresponding one of the pixel positions by using, in accordance with a corresponding one of the moving-object information items, a corresponding one of pixel values of the input image to be processed.
An efficient exchange of messages in a system for authenticating access to a base device is facilitated through the selection of a particular biometric template from among a plurality of biometric templates. Rather than transmitting the template to a peripheral device, an indication of a location of the particular biometric template within the plurality of biometric templates is transmitted to the peripheral device. At the peripheral device, once the indication of the location and a biometric candidate are received, the particular biometric template may be located and compared to the biometric candidate. Finally, an indication of a result of the comparing may be transmitted to the base device.
According to one embodiment, a storage device stores a plurality of reference face images and a plurality of human names corresponding to the reference face images respectively. A face image extraction module extracts a plurality of face images from the moving image data to be processed. A matching processing module compares each of the extracted face images with the plurality of reference face images, and specifies a reference face image that appears within the moving image data to be processed. An association module associates human names corresponding to the specified reference face images, with the moving image data to be processed. A search module searches moving image data associated with the human names input by a user, from a plurality of moving image data to be searched.
A fingerprint recognition system for an electronic device includes an input module, a computational module, and a database. The input module receives initial and subsequent fingerprint templates, and a unique character code. The computational module calculates a unique key for the initial fingerprint template on the basis of the character code to establish security, and a check key for the subsequent fingerprint template on the basis of the character code. The computational module removes the security for the electronic device when the check key matches the unique key. The database stores the initial fingerprint template and the unique key. An electronic device including the fingerprint recognition system, and a fingerprint recognition method are also disclosed.
A method for performing a high-resolution pharmacokinetic analysis for calculation of tissue parameters for a fast-enhancing tissue enables medical personnel to accurately determine pharmacokinetic parameters in fast-enhancing tissues. The method includes obtaining mask image data of the tissue when it is in a steady state condition, obtaining a time series of image data of the tissue when the contrast agent is flowing in the tissue, and increasing a spatial resolution of the time series of image data using the mask image data to obtain a time series of increased spatial resolution image data. The method further includes performing a pharmacokinetic analysis to obtain data including at least one parameter that characterizes the tissue, providing a multi-parameter look-up table derived from a combination of two or more parameters, and providing a display including one parameter or a parametric image, where the parametric image is derived from the look-up table.
A method and system for superimposing a ruler on a visual representation of a surgical procedure is presented. The design includes providing a reference object while recording the visual representation of the surgical procedure, scaling the ruler to correspond to the reference object within the visual representation of the surgical procedure, and superimposing the ruler from the scaling on the visual representation for subsequent viewing.
A method and system for left ventricle (LV) endocardium surface segmentation using constrained optimal mesh smoothing is disclosed. The LV endocardium surface in the 3D cardiac volume is initially segmented in a 3D cardiac volume, such as a CT volume, resulting in an LV endocardium surface mesh. A smoothed LV endocardium surface mesh is generated by smoothing the LV endocardium surface mesh using constrained optimal mesh smoothing. The constrained optimal mesh smoothing determines an optimal adjustment for each point on the LV endocardium surface mesh by minimizing an objective function based at least on a smoothness measure, subject to a constraint bounding the adjustment for each point. The adjustment for each point can be constrained to prevent adjustments inward toward the blood pool in order to ensure that the smoothed LV endocardium surface mesh encloses the entire blood pool.
An anatomical feature boundary identification system for use in processing medical images including X-ray images having a substantial noise content, employs at least one repository. The at least one repository stores data representing multiple different candidate template boundary shapes for individual particular anatomical features of multiple different types of anatomical features. A computation processor coupled to the at least one repository, determines a converged boundary shape of a particular anatomical feature by iteratively substantially minimizing a first difference between, data representing a weighted combination of multiple different candidate template boundary shapes of a particular anatomical feature and data representing a boundary shape of the particular anatomical feature derived from image data of the particular anatomical feature. The computation processor iteratively substantially maximizes a second difference between, data representing the weighted combination and data representing background non-anatomical features in an image. An output processor coupled to the computation processor, provides data representing the converged boundary shape of the particular anatomical feature for presentation in a display image of the particular anatomical feature.
Disclosed is an imaging system including a source generating an x-ray beam, a detector array receiving the x-ray beam and generating projection data, a translatable table configured for disposal of an object thereon and operable to translate in relation to the source and the detector array, the source and the detector array rotating about the translatable table to scan the object, and an image reconstructor electrically coupled to the detector array and configured to reconstruct an image in response to the projection data via an iterative reconstruction technique configured to perform a targeted statistical reconstruction.
A method for scaling MR signal intensity after noise has been removed is disclosed. Because the signal in a DTI series varies with the apparent diffusivity in the direction of an applied gradient, one can multiply image data collected under actual clinical conditions with a spatially-dependent scaling function to synthesize different spatial diffusion distributions, after removal of noise. Recombination of the data with the removed noise preserves the bias in the system.
A system and method for minimizing, if not completely eliminating, the systematic bias present in an MR system used for DTI is disclosed. A test object or “phantom” of the present invention is scanned with a desired DTI protocol. The eigenvalues measured with the phantom are compared to the actual values that should have been measured, and a parametric map that links measured eigenvalues to actual eigenvalues is calculated, which is applicable to the desired protocol. Future eigenvalue measurements using this protocol can be recalibrated to actual eigenvalues using this map.
A method for detecting tubing in a radiographic image of a patient, executed at least in part by a control logic processor, obtains a radiographic image data for a patient and detects one or more possible tube segments in the image. At least one tubing candidate is formed by extending at least one detected tube segment or merging two or more detected tube segments.
Multiple different samples are obtained from a bulk material and are separately stained. The differently stained materials look different with the different stains but also have similar characteristics. A computer is used to reorient the images so that the samples are oriented with one another. The thus oriented samples can have their like parts either reoriented. Once the stained areas are analyzed, the identified area in the unstained sample can be removed by laser capture microdissection.
A pathological diagnosis support apparatus into which a digital color image showing a stained tissue sample is input, the apparatus including: a display that performs a display operation; and an image processor that when the digital color image is input, extracts cell nucleus areas, cytoplasm areas and glandular cavity areas, respectively, based on luminance values of pixels of the digital color image, measures basic feature quantities representing features of shapes of the respective cell nucleus areas, cytoplasm areas and glandular cavity areas, which have been extracted, determines whether or not a particular kind of area that appears in a limited case according to the disease state of the tissue sample exists, for each of the cell nucleus areas, the cytoplasm areas and the glandular cavity areas based on the luminance values and the basic feature quantities, and measures structure feature quantities representing ways in which the cell nucleus areas are positioned, based on the basic feature quantities of the cell nucleus areas, and if the particular kind of area exists, extracts the particular kind of area and makes the display show it together with the structure feature quantities and the cell nucleus areas.
In general, this disclosure describes techniques of efficiently generating digital versions of financial documents from physical versions of the financial documents. As described herein, one or more financial documents may be inserted into one or more pockets of an envelope. The envelope is sufficiently transparent to allow both sides the financial documents to be scanned with a digital image capture device. Furthermore, the envelope is sized in such that the envelope, with the financial documents, may be individually fed into the digital image capture device by an automatic document feeder that is capable of feeding individual pages having a standard paper size into the digital image capture device. After inserting the financial documents into the pockets of the envelope, digital images of the financial documents may be captured. The digital images of the financial documents may then be processed and transmitted to a financial institution.
An inspection apparatus according to the present invention comprises: a one-dimensional imaging unit for imaging a workpiece which is a three-dimensionally shaped test object; a first lens for causing light incident thereon from the test object to emerge as converging light; and a second lens, disposed between the first lens and the one-dimensional imaging unit, for focusing the light emerging from the first lens, wherein a chief ray of a bundle of rays incident on the first lens from the test object is parallel to the optical axis of the first lens, and the light containing the chief ray, incident from the test object, is focused through the first lens and the second lens onto the one-dimensional imaging unit for imaging.
The invention provides a method and apparatus for evaluating the product quality and performances of micromirror array devices through measurements of the electromechanical responses of the individual micromirrors to the driving forces of electric fields. The electromechanical responses of the micromirrors according to the present invention are described in terms of the rotational angles associated with the operational states, such as the ON and OFF state angles of the ON and OFF state when the micromirror array device is operated in the binary-state mode, and the response speed (i.e. the time interval required for a micromirror device to transit form one state to another) of the individual micromirrors to the driving fields.
A working apparatus comprises a working unit which executes work on a work subject, and a calibration jig on which a plurality of markers is arranged in a radial pattern from a center point of markers, the plurality of markers being arranged in three dimensions, and the calibration jig being attached to a working unit such that a calibration reference point set of a working unit coincides with a center point of markers. According to such a composition, it becomes possible to calibrate a position of a working unit even when a portion of the jig containing a center point of markers is occluded during image measurement.
An environment recognition system includes image taking means for taking a pair of images of an object in a surrounding environment with a pair of cameras and outputting the pair of images, stereo matching means for conducting stereo matching on a plurality of pairs of images that are taken by different image taking methods or that are formed by subjecting the pair of taken images to different image processing methods and forming distance images respectively for the pairs of images, selection means for dividing the distance images into a plurality of sections, calculating representative parallaxes respectively for the sections, and selecting any of the representative parallaxes of the corresponding section as a representative parallax of the section, and detection means for detecting the object in the image on the basis of the representative parallaxes of the sections.
Relative histograms compare occurrences in event channels for a multi-channel data set for determining comparisons therebetween. One or more relative histograms are formed using relating functions applied to channels, preferably including a quotient between a first reference channel and a second channel and between the reference channel and at least a third channel. Preferably the relating functions generate values where a ratio and its reciprocal are symmetrical about an identity value. More preferably a data set is presented in a two-dimensional histogram for establishing the deviation of significant counts from an adjustment point which is preferably at the identity value. In practice, the relative histograms can be applied to correct tint in the red, green and blue channels of color images.
The present invention is directed to an image information decoding apparatus adapted for performing intra-image decoding based on resolution of color components and color space of an input image signal. An intra prediction unit serves to adaptively change block size in generating a prediction image based on a chroma format signal indicating whether resolution of color components is one of 4:2:0 format, 4:2:2 format, and 4:4:4 format, and a color space signal indicating whether color space is one of YCbCr, RGB, and XYZ. An inverse orthogonal transform unit and an inverse quantization unit serve to also change orthogonal transform technique and quantization technique in accordance with the chroma format signal and the color space signal. A decoding unit decodes the chroma format signal and the color space signal generate a prediction image corresponding to the chroma format signal and the color space signal.
An image processing apparatus which extracts, from image data, drawing-photograph pixels forming a drawing or a photograph, the image processing apparatus including a pixel value replacement unit configured to replace pixel values of image data with plural representative pixel values; a candidate region extraction unit configured to extract plural candidate regions; a feature value acquisition unit configured to acquire a feature value indicating a degree of contained symbol pixels forming symbols; a feature value determination units.
An inputted image is divided into a plurality of blocks, and an image quality thereof is corrected for each of the divided blocks based on information of image data of the respective blocks. Therefore, even in the case where a region where the dark-area-gradation deterioration is generated and a region where the bright-area-gradation deterioration is generated are included in an image, the inputted image is divided so that blocks correspond to the region where the dark-area-gradation deterioration is generated and the region where the bright-area-gradation deterioration is generated, respectively, and then corrected. As a result, the region where the dark-area-gradation deterioration is generated and the region where the bright-area-gradation deterioration is generated can be corrected at the same time.
A method for recovering a contour using combinatorial optimization includes receiving an input image, initializing functions for gradient f, smooth background g, and contour r, determining an optimum of the gradient f of a region R in the input image, extending the optimum of the gradient f of region R to a complement of R, determining an optimum of the smooth background function g for a region Q corresponding to the complement of R, extending the optimum of the smooth background function g of region Q to a complement of Q, and determining an optimum contour r according to the optimum of the gradient f and the optimum of the smooth background function g.
A task is to correctly classify an input image regardless of a fluctuation in illumination and a state of occlusion of the input image.
An image capturing method and an imaging apparatus, the image capturing method including: selecting a face of a person from a captured image; enlarging the selected face; and adding the enlarged selected face to the captured image. Accordingly, it is possible for a user to simultaneously film people and their background more conveniently and economically.
A scene switching point detector includes: a feature-information generating unit that generates feature information indicating a feature of each of target frames; a backward-similarity calculating unit that sets each of the target frames as a similarity calculation frame in order and calculates backward similarity on the basis of the feature information of the similarity calculation frame and the feature information of the target frames temporally located before the similarity calculation frame; a forward-similarity calculating unit that sets each of the target frames as a similarity calculation frame in order and calculates forward similarity on the basis of the feature information of the similarity calculation frame and the feature information of the target frames temporally located after the similarity calculation frame; and a scene switching point detector that detects the target frame forming a scene switching point on the basis of the backward similarity and the forward similarity.
This disclosure describes techniques for determining a shape of a signal. In particular, a kernel is applied to a portion of a signal to compute at least a first, first order derivative of the portion of the signal and a second, first order derivative of the portion of the signal in a single pass of the kernel. The shape of the portion of the signal is determined based on the first and second first order derivatives. In one example, the shape of the portion of the signal is determined based on the ratio of the first, first order derivative and the second, first order derivative. These techniques may be particularly effective for detecting edges within image signals. However, the techniques may be used to detect the shape of significant changes within any signal that represents a variable that is changing over time, space or other dimension.
A user of an accessibility device is taught to properly use the device with a test image such that the accessibility device captures the entirety of or a large portion of a test image. In training the user, the device processes test image's information located within the device's field of view. Based on this processed information, the device indicates to the user if the device should be re-positioned such that a larger portion of the test image comes within the device's field of view.
A computer-implemented method, system, and computer program product for generating vector-based similarity scores in text document comparisons considering confounding effects of document length. Vector-based methods for comparing the semantic similarity between texts (such as Content Vector Analysis and Random Indexing) have a characteristic which may reduce their usefulness for some applications: the similarity estimates they produce are strongly correlated with the lengths of the texts compared. The statistical basis for this confound is described, and suggests the application of a pivoted normalization method from information retrieval to correct for the effect of document length. In two text categorization experiments, Random Indexing similarity scores using pivoted normalization are shown to perform significantly better than standard vector-based similarity estimation methods.
A recognition process is executed for each character of an input character string corresponding to a word to be recognized, and a probability is determined that the feature appears, which is obtained as a result of character recognition using, as a condition, each character of each word in a word dictionary having stored therein candidates of the word to be recognized, and this probability is divided by a probability that the feature obtained as a result of character recognition appears. Each division result obtained for each character of each word in the word dictionary is multiplied for all the characters, and all the multiplication results obtained for each word in the word dictionary are added. Then, the multiplication result obtained for each word in the word dictionary is divided by the addition result, and based on this result, the recognition result of the particular word is obtained.
A method and apparatus for data compression comprises applying a decorrelating transform to multi-dimensional data to be compressed, then using a sequence of one or more one-dimensional matching pursuits algorithms to code the output of the transform. The invention finds particular application in video and still image coders, particularly real-time coders, those intended for use at very low bit rates, and those for which scalable bit rates are of importance.
Provided are an image encoding apparatus and an image decoding apparatus. The image encoding apparatus includes a compression unit compressing a reference image by reducing a resolution of the reference image in a resolution adjustment mode determined from among at least two resolution adjustment modes according to a distribution of values of pixels of the reference image, and providing the compressed reference image to a memory, a reconstruction unit reconstructing the reference image by increasing a resolution of the compressed reference image stored in the memory to an original resolution, a predictive encoding unit performing predictive encoding on a current image by using the reconstructed reference image, and a predictive decoding unit generating the reference image by performing decoding on the predictive encoded current image, and providing the generated reference image to the compression unit.
Images are captured and are stored (either in compressed or non-compressed form) in non-volatile storage at a predetermined quality or Q level. When the storage fills to a predetermined threshold, some or all of the images are compressed or recompressed to a lower quality, to make room for additional storage; i.e. new images may be captured and compressed at this lower quality or Q level, to minimize the rate at which the remaining storage is consumed; or all of the captured and stored images may be compressed or recompressed to this lower quality or Q level.
An image processing device configured to compress image data to be used for printing with a plurality of compression levels having different compression rates includes a former stage compression unit, a storing unit and a latter stage compression unit. The latter stage compression unit is configured, after the former stage compression unit finishes compressing all of the areas, to recompress each of areas of a latest compression level at the moment being different from a compression level stored in the storing unit with the latest compression level.
Borehole image data is compressed and transmitted to the surface one or more pixilated traces at a time. The compression methodology typically includes transform, quantization, and entropy encoding steps. The invention advantageously provides an efficient fixed point Karhünen-Loève like transform for compressing sensor data. A significant reduction in latency is achieved as compared to the prior art.
A blur image adjusting method includes the following steps. Firstly, a blur image in YCbCr color space is obtained. The Y component of the blur image is extracted so as to obtain a Y component blur image. A blur area is extracted from the Y component blur image by an edge detection technology. A horizontal shift amount and a vertical shift amount are estimated according to a horizontal shift pixel number distribution and a vertical shift pixel number distribution of the blur area. A point spread function is determined according to the horizontal shift amount and the vertical shift amount. Afterwards, the blur image is adjusted according to the point spread function.
Provided is a method and apparatus for inpainting a depth image and a color image seen from one viewpoint by using a depth image and a color image inpainted from another viewpoint. The method includes detecting an edge on the basis of a difference between depth values of pixels in a first image seen from a view viewpoint and inpainting depth values of pixels in an occlusion region that is shown in a second image seen from a second viewpoint but not shown in the first image, in a direction from pixels in a region having high depth values among regions forming the edge to pixels in a region having low depth values.
An apparatus and a method of reducing a noise component existed in a surrounding part of an image photographed in an image sensor. According to an aspect of the present invention, an apparatus differentially reducing a noise of an image according to an area of the image includes a filter area selecting unit, selecting a filter area including a plurality of adjacent pixels based on an object pixel; and a noise reducing unit, computing pixel data of the object by using pixel data of the plurality of adjacent pixels in the filter area, whereas the filter area selecting unit determines the size of the filter area according to the distance between the object pixel and a center pixel of the image. The present invention can prevent a noise component of a surrounding part from being amplified by using a different low pass filter in a center part and a surrounding part of an image and can acquire the resolution and quality of the desired image.
In a method and apparatus for improving the brightness uniformity in an image, signals are acquired using a radio frequency receiving coil, and noise in the acquired signals is normalized so as to produce an image, then the brightness of various pixels in the image is determined according to the sensitivity of the radio frequency receiving coil. The brightness of the image is then made uniform by compensating the brightness of the various pixels in the image.
A distortion included in image data is corrected by performing a coordinate transformation with respect to the image data based on
where x and y represents coordinates of a transformation destination with a center of a screen as an origin, X and Y represents coordinates of a transformation source with the center of the screen as an origin, and a and b are coordinate transformation coefficients.
A distortion correcting apparatus includes a buffer circuit which writes image data having horizontal pixels of a first number and a vertical-distortion different depending on a horizontal pixel position, into an SDRAM. The written image data is read-out for each units of horizontal pixels, which include a reference horizontal pixel and indicates a second number smaller than the first number, in a vertical pixel direction. A buffer control circuit in the vertical-distortion correcting circuit determines a second number in such a manner as to indicate a larger numerical value as a vertical-distortion corresponding to the reference horizontal pixel is smaller so as to start the buffer circuit. Also, the buffer control circuit changes a position of the reference horizontal pixel to a position corresponding to the second number at a timing based on a correction amount of the vertical-distortion correcting circuit so as to start the above-described determining process.
Importance guided image transformation. A subject image is accessed, an importance is assigned respective features of the subject image and a scaling scheme is determined for the subject image based on the importance assigned the respective features of the subject image. A transformed image is generated based on the determined scaling scheme and the transformed image is provided to an image presentation system for display.
A design image is transformed into a projection design image comprising the design image as it will appear when projected onto a physical 3-dimensional (3-D) curved object. In an embodiment, pixels of the design image are mapped into corresponding mapped pixels in a projection design image according to how the design image will appear in a flattened image of the design projected or printed onto the object having 3-dimension curves. The projection design image may be combined with a product image of the object having 3-dimension curves to generate a customized product image of the object having 3-dimension curves incorporating the design image. The customized product image is displayed to a user when customizing a product with a design to ensure that the user understands how the physical product will appear when the design is printed or projected onto the physical product.
A folding bag that can open up into a mat that can serve as a sitting mat or a baby play mat. The bag comprises the following components: A mat, a belt (strap), two buckles attached at opposite ends of the mat. Two snap buttons (two male parts and two female parts) are attached to the bottom part of the mat. The bag can be opened up and spread our so as to serve as a sitting mat or a play mat, and can later be folded, closed and turned into a carrying bag again.
A reclosable package having a zipper closure that includes areas of weakness that, upon opening of the zipper closure, permanently damage at least one of the closure members that form the zipper closure. The package user can readily discern if the zipper closure has been previously opened.
A reclosable pouch includes first and second film layers disposed on a first pouch sidewall. The first film layer is attached to the second film layer by first and second intermittent spot seals disposed at least across respective first and second edges of the first film layer. The second film layer is sealed to the sidewall by third and fourth intermittent spot seals disposed across at least across respective third and fourth edges of the second film layer. Offset first and second apertures extend through the first and second film layers, respectively, wherein one of the first and second apertures communicates with a pouch interior and the other of the first and second apertures communicates with a pouch exterior. A fifth intermittent spot seal is disposed between the first and second film layers, the fifth intermittent spot seal surrounding a region including the first and second apertures.
An adjustable length storage bag which is constructed of a substantially transparent plastic sleeve that has a first end equipped with the zipper-type closure device and a second end equipped with an adhesive layer on an inner periphery of the sleeve for adhesively joining a second bag in order to store food items of a larger length.
Airtight compressible storage containers (e.g., pouches) having one-way valves in the form of respective collapsible channels that run along and adjacent to respective pouch side seals. Each collapsible channel comprises unsealed sections of web material that span the space between a respective side seal and a respective interior seal. Each collapsible channel communicates with a respective air inlet located in the interior volume of the pouch and a respective air outlet located on a periphery of the pouch. When the contents of the pouch are compressed by a user pushing down on pouch, air from the storage chamber containing the compressible contents can be forced into the air inlet, through the open channel and out the air outlet until the desired amount of air has been removed from the pouch.
Methods for manufacturing airtight storage containers (e.g., bags or pouches) made from thermoplastic web material and having heat-sealed margins along a perimeter. To ensure that the storage containers are airtight, an unheated rib is pressed along each heat seal while the web material in the region of each heat seal is still in a softened and pliable state. As a result of the pressure applied, the rib deforms the contacted portion of the heat-sealed web material, leaving an indentation upon cooling of the web material that serves as an air leakage barrier. This air leakage barrier ensures that any air leakage pathway across the heat seal region is closed.
The object of the present invention is to provide a flame resistant storage bag that is flame resistant, lifesaving, and easy carry. The present invention provides a flame resistant bag comprising a bag body and a flame resistant block within the bag body, wherein the bag body comprises: a first flame resistant layer, a thermal insulating layer, and a second flame resistant layer, wherein the inner surface of the second flame resistant layer is coated with a coating layer.
An apparatus under one embodiment comprises at least a portion of a bearing or bushing having a memory shaped material for expanding against a surface of a structure.
The fluid dynamic bearing device includes a housing, two bearing sleeves fixed to the housing at positions axially spaced apart from each other, and a shaft member inserted along inner peripheries of the bearing sleeves. The housing includes a spacer portion protruding further radially inwardly than inner peripheral surfaces to which the bearing sleeves are fixed. An axial fluid path is formed in the spacer portion, and the axial fluid path communicates to flow paths formed by axial grooves of the bearing sleeves.
An outer needle bearing race and thrust washer assembly provides improved lubrication for a pinion gear of a planetary gear assembly. The bearing race and thrust washer assembly are used in pairs with the bearing races disposed within the planet or pinion gear and the thrust washers disposed adjacent the end faces of the planet or pinion gear. Each assembly includes a cylindrical bearing portion having a crowned, i.e., convex, inner surface which is secured at one end to a thrust washer. The outside face of the washer includes a plurality of shallow radial channels or grooves. A plurality of oil passageways extend from the grooved surface of the washer to its opposite surface inside the cylindrical bearing portion.
An automatic transmission includes, but is not limited to a main case including, but not limited to a guidance for an output shaft. The guidance comprises at least one bearing. In order to make sure that the bearings do not move out of their location without reducing the distance between the bearings, a spacer is fixed between the bearings and the diameter of the bearings decreases with increasing distance from the spacer.
A sealing member, for sealing urea compound-containing grease enclosed in a rolling bearing, in which an elastic body deteriorates to a low extent when the rolling bearing is subjected to a high temperature and which is capable of maintaining a preferable sealing performance for a long time and excellent in reliability and durability.
The sealing member used for the rolling bearing to seal grease to be enclosed in the rolling bearing includes a rubber molding which contacts the grease. The rubber molding is formed by molding a curable fluororubber composition consisting of a copolymer containing tetrafluoroethylene, propylene, and a crosslinkable monomer consisting of unsaturated fluoro-hydrocarbon, having two to four carbon atoms, in which a part of hydrogen atoms is substituted with fluorine atoms.
An optical modulator and related methods are described. In accordance with one embodiment, the optical modulator comprises a waveguide for guiding an optical signal, and further comprises a ring resonator disposed in evanescent communication with the waveguide for at least one predetermined wavelength of the optical signal. The optical modulator further comprises a semiconductor pnpn junction structure that is at least partially coextensive with at least a portion of a resonant light path of the ring resonator. The optical modulator is configured such that the semiconductor pnpn junction structure receives an electrical control signal thereacross. The electrical control signal controls a free carrier population in the resonant light path where coextensive with the pnpn junction structure. A resonance condition of the ring resonator at the predetermined wavelength is thereby controlled by the electrical control signal, and the optical signal is thereby modulated according to the electrical control signal.
In the waveguide polarizer, an optical waveguide formed on a substrate includes a curved portion and there is provided an optical absorbing portion positioned on the outside in radial direction of the curved portion, and one of orthogonal polarization components of a light propagated through the optical waveguide ran out from the curved portion to the outside in radial direction is propagated through the optical absorbing portion to thereby be led to the outside of the optical waveguide, so that only the other polarization component is propagated to be output. Thus, it becomes possible to realize a miniaturized waveguide polarizer of low wavelength dependence.
A microfluidic device with microstructure includes a channel for accommodating an electrolytic solution therein and at least one microstructure formed in the channel. When an alternating-current signal is input to the microfluidic device so that a surface of the microstructure is polarized by a generated electric field, ions having polarity reverse to that of an electrolytic solution will migrate to the surface of the microstructure to form a field-induced electrical double layer to result in electro-osmotic flows at the corners at two sides of the microstructure, which causes formation of relatively fierce circular vortices in the solution. A sensing system and a sensing method using the microfluidic device with microstructure are also disclosed.
A connector for establishing a connection for use in a optical communications network, the connector comprising a plurality of optical elements, said optical elements being VCSELs, photodetectors or optical fibers, said optical elements being arranged in two or more arrays so that at least one of the arrays is moveable to ensure alignment of the members of that array when the connection is established.
An OCT probe has a sheath to be inserted into a subject; and an optical system within the sheath, for changing the direction of light which propagates from a light source through an optical fiber to irradiate the light onto the subject through a transparent portion of the sheath, and for reflecting the light beam, which is reflected by the subject, to guide the light into the optical fiber. A light output surface, for causing the light to be output from the reflecting surface in a direction obliquely inclined with respect to the inner surface of the sheath, and a reflected light sheath entrance preventing portion, for preventing light reflected by the inner surface of the sheath from entering the optical fiber, are provided in the optical system. The reflected light sheath entrance preventing portion may be formed by providing a cut planar surface portion on the lens.
The invention relates to an optical waveguide plug part of an optical waveguide plug connector for an optical waveguide, which has a fiber and a sheath, with a contact carrier for receiving the optical waveguide and at least one clamping part for securing the optical waveguide in the contact carrier, wherein the clamping part as a first clamping section for clamping the sheath of the optical waveguide and a second clamping section for clamping the fiber of the optical waveguide.
An optical fiber structure includes a first fiber array and a second fiber array, which are placed one on the other. For example, the first fiber array includes a substrate having four V-shaped grooves and four first optical fibers, the output ends of which are linearly arranged and fixed to the substrate, and the second fiber array includes a substrate having four V-shaped grooves and four second optical fibers, the output ends of which are linearly arranged and fixed to the substrate. The first optical fiber is a multimode fiber having a core and a cladding, and the core diameter is 60 μm and the outer diameter of the fiber is 80 μm. The second optical fiber is a multimode fiber having a core and a cladding, and the core diameter is 105 μm and the outer diameter of the fiber is 125 μm.
A fiber optic cable includes at least one optical waveguide, at least one dry insert and a cable jacket. The at least one optical waveguide and at least one dry insert are at least partially disposed within a cavity of the cable jacket. In one embodiment, the cable includes a first dry insert and a second dry insert disposed within the cavity so that the at least one optical waveguide is disposed between the first dry insert and the second dry insert, thereby providing a dry cable core.
The present invention relates to an optical cable comprising one or more optical waveguides, which one or more optical waveguides are provided with a protective layer, a buffer tube surrounding said one or more optical waveguides, which buffer tube is surrounded by an outer sheath, while a radial interspace is present between said outer sheath and said buffer tube, which radial interspace is filled with a filler.
A fiber optic cable assembly is provided. The cable assembly includes a housing, a plurality of furcation tubes, and a bundled cable. The housing has an opening at a first end and a plurality of channels at a second end. The furcation tubes are aligned with corresponding channels. One end of the bundled cable extends into an interior space of the housing through the opening. The bundled cable has a cable jacket and cable filaments. A first portion of the cable filaments extends beyond the end of the cable jacket in the interior space. A plurality of optic fibers is disposed in the bundled cable and the housing, and a molding compound is disposed around the furcation unit. Individual optic fibers are in individual furcation tubes and movable to slide longitudinally relative to the housing.
A fiber optic cable and a method of making the same include at least one optical waveguide, at least one dry insert and a cable jacket. The at least one optical waveguide and at least one dry insert are at least partially disposed within a cavity of the cable jacket. In one embodiment, the cable includes a first dry insert and a second dry insert disposed within the cavity so that the at least one optical waveguide is disposed between the first dry insert and the second dry insert, thereby providing a dry cable core.
An optical fiber structure includes a first fiber array and a second fiber array, which are placed one on the other. For example, the first fiber array includes a substrate having four V-shaped grooves and four first optical fibers, the output ends of which are linearly arranged and fixed to the grooves. The second fiber array includes a substrate having four V-shaped grooves and four second optical fibers, the output ends of which are linearly arranged and fixed to the grooves. The first optical fiber has a taper portion, in which the core diameter decreases along an optical axis, and the core diameter and the outer diameter of the first optical fiber at the tip of the taper portion thereof are 60 μm and 80 μm, respectively. The core diameter and the outer diameter of the second optical fiber are 105 μm and 125 μm, respectively.
A photonic connection includes a first fiber and a second fiber. The first fiber has a core with a first predetermined pattern defined on or in a facet thereof, and the second fiber has a core with a second predetermined pattern defined on or in a facet thereof. The second predetermined pattern is complementary to the first predetermined pattern such that the first fiber or the second fiber fits into another of the second fiber or the first fiber at a single orientation and position.
Optical pulse compressor having a chirp unit including a normal dispersion fiber that provides a positive chirp to an input pulse and having a dispersion compensator including an anomalous fiber is provided. The nonlinear coefficient and the absolute value of the second-order group-velocity dispersion of the anomalous fiber that forms the dispersion compensator is set such that a soliton order becomes one or more, and the fiber length of the anomalous dispersion fiber is made to be equal to or smaller than a length required for optical soliton formation.
An edge protector for use with fiber optic cables includes a body having a first portion and a second portion. The first portion includes a first surface and an oppositely disposed second surface. The second portion includes a tang and a radius protrusion having a radius. The tang extends outwardly from the radius protrusion such that the tang extends beyond the second surface.
The present disclosure relates to a drop terminal mounting system for use in a fiber optic network. The drop terminal mounting system includes a drop terminal having a drop terminal housing to which a plurality of fiber optic adapters are mounted. The fiber optic adapters have exterior ports that are accessible from an exterior of the drop terminal housing. The drop terminal mounting system also includes a bracket having a cradle for receiving the drop terminal. The bracket has features that facilitate mounting the bracket to different types of structures such as poles, strands, or to hand-holes.
A housing including a plurality of openings for receiving fiber optic connectors and protecting the polished end face of the connectors from damage while the connectors are stored within a telecommunications connection cabinet. A module with a plurality of optical fiber cables connected to a first optical fiber cable and terminated by a fiber optic connector. Each of the connectors are inserted within openings in a connector holder for storage and protection until the cables need to be connected to a customer equipment cable.
A medical support control device to display an image captured by a medical device on a display device, comprising: a storage unit for storing, in a prescribed order, display format types of the image displayed on the bases of video signals output from the medical device, and a display switching unit for causing the display unit to display the image in the format in the prescribed order, on the bases of a display format switching signal from an operation unit of the medical device.
A moving image reproduction apparatus making it possible to rapidly and reliably find a target frame by search with simple manipulations. It is determined whether or not a currently manipulated frame move button is the same as that manipulated at the immediately preceding manipulation. If the current and preceding manipulations are performed on the same frame move button, a moving image is moved over the same number of frames as the number of frames over which the moving image was moved at the preceding manipulation. If the current and preceding manipulation are performed on different frame move buttons, the moving image is moved over a smaller number of frames than the number of frames over which the movement occurred at the preceding manipulation.
Disclosed are systems, methods, and computer readable media for retrieving digital images. The method embodiment includes converting a descriptive audio stream of a digital video that is provided for the visually impaired to text and then aligning that text to the appropriate segment of the digital video. The system then indexes the converted text from the descriptive audio stream with the text's relationship to the digital video. The system enables queries using action words describing a desired scene from a digital video.
A image recording apparatus includes: an image input receiver receiving images; an encoder compressing the received images and generating stream data; one or more cell buffers buffering the stream data in units of cells; a data recorder recording cell data, which is buffered units of cells, on a disc; a decoder decoding the buffered cell data when a user selects a real-time image synthesis option; and an image synthesizer synthesizing a connecting part between a previous scene of images, which are received from the decoder, and a current scene of images, which are received from the image input receiver, with a target image and transmitting the result of synthesis to the encoder in order to create a fading effect between the previous and current scenes.
According to one embodiment, to discriminate an optical disk having a DISCID.DAT file existing under an ADV_OBJ folder as compatible with an advanced standard, and discriminate a system of a video content by reading out system identification information (TV system) existing in a VTSI file under a TS folder of a high-density optical disk standard with respect to the optical disk. In case a video content reproduction device can reproduce a video content of the system, a reproduction processing sequence with respect to the optical disk compatible with the advanced standard is started.
The media player employs an operating system that supports a virtual machine into which auto-run playback programs may be loaded and run. The auto run playback program is stored on the media containing the program content, such as on an optical disc medium. When the medium is inserted in the player, the auto run playback program automatically launches and is thereafter used to access playback the media content. Support for legacy media is provided to allow the player to playback compact discs and DVD discs that were manufactured without the auto run playback program
The invention relates to a regulator circuit for controlling the power fed to an electric motor from a voltage source, wherein the regulator circuit comprises a semiconductor switching element connected in series to the electric motor and the voltage source for the purpose of controlling the power fed to the electric motor, a control circuit for controlling the semiconductor switching element, and a first operating element for operating the control circuit by means of an operating signal generated by the operating element and fed to the control circuit, wherein a microprocessor is incorporated in the control circuit. The microprocessor can be adapted to control numerous functions within the regulator circuit, in particular monitoring and safety functions. It is however also possible for the microprocessor to be adapted to control the power fed to the electric motor subject to the operating signal. This can relate to performing of this single function as well as to performing this function in combination with safety functions.
A motor system with reduced common-mode noise includes an AC power, a first transformer unit electrically connected to the AC power and providing a first DC power, and a second transformer unit electrically connected to the AC power and providing a second DC power. The first DC power is supplied to a motor driving section of the motor system, and the second DC power is supplied to a motor controlling section of the motor system. Therefore, a common-mode noise from the transformer winding for the motor driving section can be prevented from coupling to the transformer winding for the motor controlling section. Moreover, a safe stop signal is applied to turn down a PWM IC for power through a photo coupler or a relay. Therefore, the first transformer unit stops supplying current to the motor driving section of the motor system to enhance safe stop function for the motor system.
An apparatus for utilizing water such as, for example, an atomizer or vaporizer, having at least one container for water. Here, two ceramic electrodes that can be used to treat the water are arranged for the purpose of improving the water quality in the container.
In an apparatus for heat-treating a substrate, a substrate holder unit including a substrate stage which is made of carbon or a carbon-covered material having high radiation ratio is arranged in a vacuum chamber to be vertically movable. A heating unit including a heat dissipation surface which opposes the substrate stage is provided above the substrate stage in the vacuum chamber. The substrate stage is moved close to the heat dissipation surface to heat the substrate in noncontact with it with radiation heat from the heat dissipation surface. The substrate holder unit includes a radiation plate and a reflection plate.
An imaging apparatus includes: a control unit configured to detect a focus position by moving a focusing lens before and after a preset position which is a focusing lens position set by a focus preset function, with the control unit setting a scan range which is a movement range of the focusing lens to a different range according to a setting state of a zoom lens, obtaining an AF evaluation value along with movement of the focusing lens within the set scan range, and determining a focus position based on the obtained AF evaluation value.
A focus controller configured to control focus of an optical element includes a focus state detector configured to detect a focus state based on a contrast value of an image formed by the optical element, and a driving mechanism that moves the optical element including a motor, a position sensor configured to detect a position of a rotor in the motor, and a driving controller configured to select, in accordance with the contrast value, first driving configured to switch an electrization to a coil in accordance with an output of the position senor, or second driving configured to switch the electrization to the coil in the motor in accordance with a determined time interval.
An imaging apparatus includes a photometry unit dividing a subject into a plurality of regions and performing a photometry, a first calculating unit calculating a first control value based on a photometry result of the photometry unit, a comparing unit comparing the first control value with a maximum value of photometry values in the plurality of regions, a second calculating unit correcting the first control value depending on a comparison result by the comparing unit to calculate a second control value, an image pickup unit picking up an image of the subject according to the second control value and generates an image data, and a third calculating unit calculating a lightness improvement amount for a correction of dark area gradation of the image data depending on the comparison result. Therefore, optimum exposure adjustment and correction of dark area gradation can be performed depending on the subject.
A lens assembly for an imaging device may include a lens member for focusing external radiation towards an image sensor of the imaging device, and a screen member adjacent the lens member. A transparent portion may be positioned between the lens member and the external radiation and may have first and second surfaces. A first mask member may be positioned at the first surface of the transparent portion and may have an inlet therein. A second mask member may be positioned at the second surface of the transparent portion and may have an outlet therein. The outlet may be smaller than the inlet.
A digital single lens reflex (DSLR) camera is provided for displaying predetermined photographing information, including focus information, camera information, etc., on a display screen of a viewfinder. The DSLR camera includes: the viewfinder for observing an image of an object; a pentaprism outputting the image of the object to the viewfinder; and a display device disposed on a side of the pentaprism to display photographing information.
Methods and apparatus for triggering directional data capture based on pointing direction are described. In an embodiment, the data captured is an image and a camera is described which includes a sensor for detecting the direction in which the image sensor of the camera is pointing. When the sensed pointing direction is one in which a worthwhile image is likely to be taken, the camera is triggered to capture a new image. The determination of when to capture a new image uses a metric based on the sensed direction and one or more specified trigger conditions.
A system for retaining a sensor assembly includes a mounting plate having a mounting area for the sensor assembly, a sensor assembly having a sensor assembly plate with a perimeter, and a retainer ring having at least one spring member. The at least one spring member of the retainer ring is configured to bias the sensor assembly substantially toward at least one datum, such that a portion of the perimeter of the sensor assembly plate is directly adjacent to the at least one datum.
A portable, handheld battery-operated camera system is claimed. The camera is positioned atop a handle with a grip and comprises a finger-operated trigger for starting or stopping camera operation. The handle comprises a substantially hollow interior and a bottom concavity which detachably receives a rechargeable battery for powering the camera.
A photographic equipment support comprises a rotating seat for connecting with a photographic equipment; two legs provided below the rotating seat; two clamping devices provided on free ends of the legs, respectively, for fastening to a waist belt; and at least one strap to be worn around a user's back for hanging the support in front of the user's chest.
A mechanical shutter includes a base, four shutter blades, four permanent magnets, and four electromagnets. The base has an aperture for permitting light into a camera module. The shutter blade includes a light shielding portion capable of moving across the aperture by rotating about a shaft formed on the base, a securing portion secured on the base, and an elastic portion connecting the light shielding portion and the securing portion. The permanent magnet is secured on a light shielding portion and sleeves around a shaft. The electromagnets are capable of providing magnetic force to rotate the permanent magnets.
A camera module includes a barrel for receiving at least a first lens, an actuator, and a holder. The actuator includes an annular stator and a carrying member. The stator is connected to the barrel and defines a plurality of spaced parallel inner branches in an inner side thereof. The carrying member is received in the stator and defines a through hole therein for receiving at least a second lens. The carry member defines a plurality of spaced parallel outer branches in the outer sidewall thereof. The outer branches are alternately interleaved between the inner branches and have a voltage thereacross for driving the carrying member to move forward and backward. The holder is connected to the barrel and configured for receiving the barrel and the actuator.
An optical apparatus connected to an up and a down transmission lines, comprising an optical amplifier including an optical amplification medium and an excitation light source. The excitation light source supplies an excitation light to the optical amplification medium. An optical supervisory channel (OSC) unit receives OSC optical signals from, and transmits the OSC optical signals to, the up and the down transmission lines. If an output power decrease of the excitation light source due to an random failure is detected, the excitation light is kept unchanged and the OSC unit transmits information of the random failure of the excitation light source via the OSC optical signals to the up and the down transmission lines, and if the OSC unit receives information of an random failure of an excitation light source in another optical apparatus, the output light power of the excitation light source is increased.
An optical line monitoring apparatus, including: a group information recording portion which records group information about to which splitter respective terminators are connected; a normal information recording portion which records intensities of reflected lights from a plurality of terminators in a state in which a failure is not occurring in optical lines; a monitored information recording portion which records intensities of reflected lights from the plurality of terminators in failure monitoring time; an attenuation amount determination portion which determines a terminator the reflected light intensity of which is attenuated compared with the corresponding reflected light intensity in normal information; and a control portion which determines, if the intensities of the reflected lights of all the terminators connected to the same splitter are attenuated by the same value, that a failure has occurred between the test apparatus and the splitter to which all the terminators are connected.
A communication system includes a first device and a second device. The first device includes a first housing including a first guiding member, a modulator modulating a laser beam based on transmission information, and an emission unit emitting the laser beam that has been modulated. The second device includes a second housing including a light-receiving region on an outer surface of the second housing, a receiver that, when a relative position between the first and the second housings is adjusted to a communicable position at which the modulated laser beam is incident within the light-receiving region, receives the transmission information from the first device by detecting the modulated laser beam and demodulating the transmission information based on the detection result, and a second guiding member being disposed on the second housing and guides the first and the second housings to the communicable position by contacting the first guiding member.
A system including a device equipped with a reception section, a reception condition detection section and a control section. A partner device emits laser light and modulates the laser light in accordance with transfer subject information. Relative positions of the partner device and the device are adjusted to a communication-possible position, at which the laser light from the partner device is incident in a light reception region of the device. In this state, the reception section receives the transmission subject information from the partner device by detecting the incident laser light and demodulating the transmission subject information therefrom. The reception condition detection section detects a deterioration in a reception condition. If a deterioration in the reception condition is detected, the control section produces a warning or stops emissions of laser light from the partner device.
A method for receiving an optical signal is included where an ingress signal is split into a first portion and a second portion. A relative delay is induced between the first portion and the second portion, which are optically interfered to generate at least one interfered signal. Quality criteria of a monitored signal at least based on the at least one interfered signal is monitored so that a relative delay based in the quality criteria may be adjusted.
In an optical transmission apparatus, a unit includes a first connection section, a second connection section, a branching section, a first detection section, and a second detection section. The first connection section connects to a first component. The second connection section connects to a second component. The branching section is disposed at a preceding stage of the second connection section and outputs signal light to the first component through the first connection section. The first detection section determines whether the first component receives the signal light output from the branching section. The second detection section is disposed at a subsequent stage of the second connection section and detects the signal light.
An object of the present invention is to provide an OCDM transceiver with which the reduction amount of the intensity of the correlation waveform signal is smaller than that of a conventional device of the same type in the decoding step that comprises a time gate processing step. Hence, in the OCDM transceiver of the present invention that comprises an encoding portion and a decoding portion, the decoding portion is constituted comprising a decoder, clock extractor, and time gate. The decoder decodes an encoded optical pulse signal and separates the encoded optical pulse signal into a clock signal extraction signal and an optical pulse signal playback signal. The clock extractor extracts a clock signal from the clock signal extraction signal. Further, the time gate removes only the auto-correlation waveform component from the optical pulse signal playback signal. The auto-correlation waveform component is converted to an electrical signal by means of an optical receiver and generated as a reception signal.
The present invention discloses a transmitter and receiver for optical communications system, which provide compensation of the optical link nonlinearity. M-PSK modulating is used for data embedding in an optical signal in each WDM channel using orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) technique. At the receiver side electrical output signals from a coherent optical receiver are processed digitally with the link nonlinearity compensation. It is followed by the signal conversion into frequency domain and information recovery from each subcarrier of the OFDM signal. At the transmitter side an OFDM encoder provides a correction of I and Q components of a M-PSK modulator driving signal to compensate the link nonlinearity prior to sending the optical signal to the receiver.
In an optical transmission system including a transmitter Tx and a receiver Rx connected via a fiber link F, where the receiver Rx is adapted to utilize Forward Error Correction (FEC) on received signals, a polarization scrambler is provided at the transmitter Tx to scramble the polarization state of a transmitted signal, a polarization delay line is provided at the receiver Rx for controlling the polarization mode dispersion induced distortion of a received signal, a feedback unit is provided at the receiver Rx for providing a feedback signal based on at least part of the received signal, and at least one polarization controller interconnects the fiber link F and the polarization delay line. The power controller is operable based on the feedback signal to mitigate the polarization mode dispersion of the signal.
An optical line terminal receives an optical signal transmitted by time division multiple access from plural optical network units among which are an optical network unit performing communications at a first bit rate and an optical network unit performing communications at a second bit rate. The optical line terminal includes a branching unit, a first receiving unit, and a second receiving unit. The branching unit branches the optical signal into branches, at an asymmetrical branching ratio. The first receiving unit receives a branch having the first bit rate, among the branches of a greater branched proportion. The second receiving unit receives a branch having the second bit rate, among the branches of a lesser branched proportion.
An electronic device includes a casing having a laser light reception region on its outer surface, a receiver that receives transmission data from a partner device, and a suppression member that suppresses leakage of the laser light between the partner device and the electronic device. The partner device includes a laser light emission component and a laser light modulator. The receiver detects, in a state where the partner device and the electronic device are positioned in to communicable positions where the laser light from the partner device is made incident inside the light reception region of the electronic device, the laser light incident inside the light reception region and demodulates the transmission data from the laser light detection result. The suppression member is disposed in at least an area surrounding the light reception region.
A system for dispersion compensation in a terahertz system includes an optical fiber configured to transmit an optical pulse, a compensator optically coupled to the optical fiber, the compensator configured to compensate for a dispersion of the optical pulse caused as the optical pulse propagates through the optical fiber, and an optically induced terahertz device optically coupled to the compensator, whereby the optically induced terahertz device is configured to transmit or receive terahertz radiation.
A universal cartridge chip for use with an imaging process cartridge installed in an imaging device is disclosed. The universal cartridge chip includes a memory storing imaging process cartridge data. The universal cartridge chip may be installed on the imaging process cartridge in a first orientation or a second orientation. If the cartridge chip is installed in a first orientation, the cartridge chip operates in a first mode. If the cartridge chip is installed in a second orientation the cartridge chip operates in a second mode.
In an image forming device including a control unit to control the image forming device to perform a job of image formation, the control unit is arranged so that, when a size of a printing medium detected by a detection unit is not in agreement with a printing medium size indicated by information contained in a printing request, the control unit causes the printing medium to be ejected from the image forming device without causing an image formation unit to form an image on the printing medium, and causes an image holding unit to hold data of the image.
Document processing systems and methods are presented in which a graphical user interface is used to set a user-selectable refill level for a print engine consumable, such as toner, replenisher, paper, etc. Once the user-selectable level has been reached, the user is notified and is prompted to either refill the print consumable or to continue use of the document processing system without refilling.
A developer stirring unit, a developing device containing the developer stirring unit and an image forming apparatus comprising the developing device are supplied capable of correctly judging a remainder amount of developer in accommodating tank. In the developer stirring unit, a accommodating tank accommodates developer; a stirring member has at least one shaft portion and is used to stir the developer accommodated in the accommodating tank; a bearing member couples with the shaft portion and supports the stirring member to possibly rotate around the shaft portion serving as rotation axis and to possibly move along a axis direction of the rotation axis; a driving section drives the stirring member to rotate; and a judging section judges a remainder amount of the developer in the accommodating tank, wherein the stirring member is controlled to move along an axis direction of the rotation axis together with rotating along a rotation direction of the rotation axis.
In an image forming apparatus, a cleaning blade cleans residual toner adhered on the surface of an image carrier and a sound sensor collects a sound generated inside a casing of the image forming apparatus. A determining unit determines, based on the sound collected by the sound sensor, whether cleaning failure has occurred in the cleaning blade. The determining unit makes the determination based on at least intensity of a first sound component that is a sound component of a first frequency and intensity of a second sound component that is a sound component of a second frequency different from the first frequency.
A deviation amount detecting device for use in an electrophotographic color image forming device is configured to detect whether a deviation for each of toner images of different colors on a transporting member takes place, based on position information which is stored as a result of reading of a first set of deviation detecting patterns by a pattern reading unit.
An image forming apparatus is disclosed in which a guide member configured to guide a sheet to a nip section between a heating roller and a pressing roller is disposed close to the upstream side of the rollers and on the pressing roller side. A downstream end of the guide member is disposed on the heating roller side with respect to the nip surface between the rollers so that a header of the sheet to be printed is in contact with the heating roller first, and a downstream end of the fixing device introduction guide member is concavely curved.
The humidity detecting device includes a detection unit and a controller. The detection unit includes a humidity sensor for producing a humidity detection signal by detecting a humidity, a temperature sensor for producing a temperature detection signal by detecting a temperature surrounding the humidity sensor, and a common power supply line connected to the humidity sensor and the temperature sensor. The controller includes an application circuit for applying a power supply voltage to the humidity sensor and the temperature sensor through the common power supply line, a read circuit for producing a read-out humidity value corresponding to the humidity detection signal and a read-out temperature value corresponding to the temperature detection signal, and a correction circuit for correcting the read-out humidity value based on the read-out temperature value.
An image forming apparatus includes a light source that emits a laser beam; a separating unit that separates the laser beam emitted from the light source into a first laser beam for measuring a light intensity and a second laser beam for scanning a photosensitive element to form image data; a first photoelectric converting unit that measures a light intensity of the first laser beam, and outputs a first voltage depending on the light intensity of the first laser beam; a second photoelectric converting unit that measures a light intensity of the second laser beam, and outputs a second voltage depending on the light intensity of the second laser beam; and a control unit that executes a first light-intensity correction for correcting the light intensity of the second laser beam per scan by each scanning line and a second light-intensity correction for adjusting a performance in forming the image data based on a current correction value for correcting a light intensity of the laser beam based on the first voltage and the second voltage and a drive current preliminarily-set with respect to the laser beam to cause the light source to emit the laser beam.
The emission intensity of a laser beam source, at a time when a laser beam emitted from the laser beam source and scanned by an optical scanning device becomes incident to a laser beam detector provided in a predetermined position on the scanning path of the laser beam in order to hold a position of an electrostatic latent image formed on a photoreceptor constant in the main scanning direction, while at the same time, changing the emission intensity of the laser beam, is set so as to become the consistently same emission intensity regardless of a change in emission intensity at the time of electrostatic latent image formation onto a photoreceptor. This allows the detection timing of a laser beam by a laser beam detector to be kept constant.
An apparatus includes: a latent image carrier which is freely rotatable in a predetermined sub scanning direction; a latent image carrier gear which is attached to an end portion of the latent image carrier; a drive motor which applies drive rotation force upon the latent image carrier via the latent image carrier gear and which rotates the latent image carrier; a line head which forms on the latent image carrier a line latent image which extends in a main scanning direction which is approximately orthogonal to the sub scanning direction; an exposure controller which provides an image signal to the line head and controls writing of the line latent image; a phase detector which detects the phase data regarding the latent image carrier gear; and a timing controller which adjusts the write location of the line latent image on the latent image carrier based on the phase data detected by the phase detector.
In an image forming apparatus, a control portion forms a restoring toner image (restoring toner band) at a position, in which the refreshing toner image overlaps with a control image with respect to a longitudinal direction of a secondary transfer roller, during post-rotation after image formation in an image forming job is completed. The restoring toner band is formed in a length corresponding to 3 full circumferences of the secondary transfer roller for one-sheet image forming job, 2 full circumferences of the secondary transfer roller for 5-sheet image forming job, and one full circumference of the secondary transfer roller for 10-sheet image forming is job. In the case of an image forming job on 50 sheets or more, a lowering in cleaning performance of a secondary transfer member cleaning device for the secondary transfer roller is not caused to occur, so that the restoring toner band is not formed.
There is provided an image formation device, comprising: an image forming unit configured to execute image formation to form an image on a recording medium; a holding body configured to move relatively with respect to the image forming unit and to hold an image formed thereon by the image forming unit; a controller that controls the image forming unit to form a correction pattern in an area on the holding body, the area corresponding to an image formation area defined on the recording medium when the image formation is executed for the recording medium; a measurement unit configured to measure a position of the correction pattern formed on the holding body; and a correction unit configured to correct an image formation position of the image formation unit based on a measurement result of the measurement unit.
An imaging device utilizes click count fragmentation to provide separate click counts for service and billing purposes. Click count fragmentation maintains uninterrupted service counts and derives from service counts billing counts that more accurately reflect the number of pages generated that are usable by a customer. Billing counts may be paused, resumed, reset and displayed by authorized personnel via a local or remote imaging device interface. Accesses of billing counts by authorized personnel may be recorded in an audit trail.
An image forming apparatus enables a high-quality double-side printing of a transfer medium by one-pass method using a simple structure. A latent image is formed and developed on an image carrier (drum) in a process cartridge. A resultant toner image is transferred by a first transfer unit (roller) onto either an upper surface of the transfer medium or a first intermediate transfer body (roller) in a first transfer area. The toner image on the first intermediate transfer body is transferred onto a back surface of the transfer medium in a fourth transfer area via a second intermediate transfer body (belt) and a third intermediate transfer body (roller). The fourth transfer area is located downstream of the first transfer area along a transport path of the transfer medium.
When a switch displayed on an operation panel is operated, a control portion starts aging control in which image formation is stopped and yellow toner is applied onto an intermediary transfer belt and a secondary transfer roller. A toner band is formed, on full circumference of the intermediary transfer belt at a position in which toner images for control are formed, with a width correspondingly to widths of the toner images for control.
A developing device is provided. The developing device includes a housing, a developing agent carrier, and a developing agent leakage prevention member. The developing agent leakage prevention member has a first layer that is configured to contact an outer circumferential surface of a longitudinal end of the developing agent carrier; a second layer that is superimposed on the first layer and is configured to contact a portion of the housing; and an adhesive layer that is interposed between the first layer and the second layer, the adhesive layer partially bonding a first opposing surface of the first layer opposing the second layer to a second opposing surface of the second layer opposing the first layer such that an unbonded area where the first opposing surface and the second opposing surface are not bonded together is produced.
In an image forming apparatus, a support frame configured to support a plurality of cartridges each including a photoconductor is allowed to be pulled out from a casing of the apparatus. A plurality of light-emitting parts configured to expose a corresponding photoconductor to light are arranged in each exposure unit which is movable between an exposure position proximate to the corresponding photoconductor and a retreating position away from the photoconductor. A pair of side plates of the support frame, which extends in a direction perpendicular to a main direction in which the light-emitting parts are arranged, has guide slots formed therein, each of which is configured to guide movement of a corresponding exposure unit between its exposure and retreating positions. Each guide slot includes a positioning portion configured to position the exposure unit in position in a subordinate direction perpendicular to the main direction and to an exposure direction.
In an image forming apparatus, a plurality of photoconductors arranged in the apparatus is supported by a support frame which is allowed to be pulled out from a body of the apparatus; and an endless intermediate transfer belt looped around a first roller and a second roller is in contact with each of the plurality of photoconductors. The first roller is supported by the body of the apparatus and retained in a position fixed relative to the body of the apparatus, and the support frame comprises a positioning portion which is configured to support a roller shaft of the second roller or a bearing part of the roller shaft of the second roller and to retain the intermediate transfer belt in a position fixed relative to the plurality of photoconductors.
Image forming apparatuses include: a casing; an image forming unit removable from the casing in a first direction; and plural developer cartridges. The cartridges may be attached and detached with respect to the image forming unit in a second direction that is inclined toward the first direction. Other image forming apparatuses include: a casing; an exposure device; a plurality of cartridges configured to be attached and detached with respect to the casing in a first direction; and a recording medium transport system for transporting recording media adjacent the photosensitive members in a second direction. The first direction may be inclined with respect to the second direction, and at least a portion of optical paths of the light emitted from the exposure device may extend parallel with the first direction. Aspects also relate to image forming units, e.g., for use in image forming apparatuses as described above.
A color electrophotographic printing machine has a drive system which includes a frame and first, second and third motor-and-gear-train configurations mounted thereon at a common location and respectively drivingly coupled to first, second and third combinations of multiple color developer drive assemblies, multiple color photoconductive drum drive assemblies, a black developer drive assembly and a black photoconductive drum drive assembly so as to operate the same. The first and second configurations are operable at first and second motor gear mesh frequencies that are different and the third configuration is operable at a motor gear mesh frequency that can be substantially the same as one of the first and second motor gear mesh frequencies. Also, the first combination includes yellow, cyan and magenta color developer drive assemblies, the second combination includes yellow and cyan color photoconductive drum drive assemblies, and the third combination includes a magenta color photoconductive drum drive assembly with the black developer drive assemblies and black photoconductive drum drive assemblies
An image forming apparatus includes a plurality of developing devices. Each developing devices performs an electrophotographic process to form an image. The image forming apparatus comprises a first developing device and a second developing device. The first developing device holds a black developer containing a first black coloring agent. The second developing device holds a gray developer. The gray developer contains a second black coloring agent and a coloring agent of a chromatic color. The chromatic color is a complementary color to the second black coloring agent.
An image forming apparatus is provided. The image forming apparatus includes an apparatus main body; a plurality of image carrying members; a plurality of developing members; a translation member that reciprocates in a straight line in a direction in which the image carrying members are aligned to move the developing members between an engagement position where the developing members are brought into contact with the image carrying members and a disengagement position where the developing members are disengaged from the image carrying members; and a force imparting mechanism, when at least one of the developing members is moved from the disengagement position to the engagement position by a movement of the translation member in a first direction, the force imparting mechanism imparting a force that includes a force component directed to a second direction opposite to the first direction into the translation member.
A process cartridge for use in an image forming apparatus includes an image bearing member and a developing unit. The developing unit includes a developer bearing member to bear developer including toner and carrier, a casing forming a developer container containing the developer, a screw having a shaft with a spiral screw blade, a toner density sensor to detect a density of the toner on a detection surface, and a detection surface agitating member fixedly mounted on the shaft of the screw at a position facing a detection surface to scrape away the developer accumulated on the detection surface as the screw rotates. The detection surface agitating member includes an elastic sheet elastically deformable to scrape away the developer accumulated on the detection surface and disposed at a substantially same angle to an axial direction of the shaft of the screw as the spiral screw blade.
A developer station and related method for distributed replenishment of toner as well as powder coatings and related materials. The developer station is divided into a first space adjacent or within a second space, the first space located adjacent a toner supply and the second space including a developer sump. The first space includes a toner-conveying device located in the first space, the toner-conveying device having a tapered body with a first end and a second end. A conveyance housing is located adjacent to and disposed such that the toner conveying device conveys the toner toward the developer sump as it travels from the first end of the toner conveying device to the second end of the toner conveying device, the housing having slots or openings so that the toner is deposited in the developer sump along the length of the conveying device.
A developing device includes a housing having inner walls, a toner container disposed in the housing, a supply roller disposed in the toner container so as to oppose one of the inner walls and rotating to move a toner, and a development roller to which the toner is supplied from the supply roller. The inner wall of the housing opposing the supply roller has a recess and a protrusion that allow the toner moved by the rotation of the supply roller to flow in a specific direction so as to agitate the toner.
A developer storing container includes outer and inner cases. The outer case includes first and second hollow portions. The first hollow portion includes a surrounding wall so shaped as to surround a center axis. The surrounding wall has both ends in a cross-section perpendicular to the center axis, and has an ejection opening. The second hollow portion includes first and second outer walls extending from both ends of the surrounding wall and a third outer wall disposed therebetween. The inner case is rotatably disposed in the first hollow portion, and has an opening corresponding to the ejection opening. The surrounding wall extends from one of both ends to the other of both ends at an angle greater than or equal to 180 degrees with respect to the center axis. An entire outer surface of the surrounding wall constitutes a part of an outer surface of the outer case.
Exemplary embodiments provide a roll member that includes one or more piezoelectric tape and methods for making and using the roll member. The piezoelectric tape can be flexible and include a plurality of piezoelectric elements configured in a manner that the piezoelectric elements can be addressed individually or as groups with various numbers of elements in each group. In an exemplary embodiment, the disclosed roll member can be used as a donor roll for a development system of an electrophotographic printing machine to create controlled and desired toner powder cloud for high quality image development, such as an image on image development in a hybrid scavengeless development (HSD) system.
Exemplary embodiments provide a digital development system and methods for making and using the system. Specifically, the digital development system can utilize a roll member that includes a plurality of actuator cells arranged in a 2-dimensional array with each actuator cell having an actuator membrane individually addressable to eject one or more toner particles adhered thereto. In addition, the digital development system can utilize an imager architecture that includes an addressing logic circuit connected to each cell to selectively control the ejection of the one or more toner particles onto an image receiving member that is closely spaced from each actuator membrane. The disclosed digital development system can be used for non-interactive development systems for image-on-image full-color printing similar to HSD (Hybrid Scavengeless Development) technology with the donor roll becoming a high quality silent imager.
Exemplary embodiments provide a direct imaging system and methods for direct marking an image using the system. The disclosed direct imaging system can eliminate the creation of a latent image and can be used in an electrophotographic machine and related processes. Specifically, the direct imaging system can include a direct marking substrate (e.g., a printing substrate) and a development belt member closely spaced from the direct marking substrate. In one embodiment, the development belt member can include a plurality of actuator cells with each actuator cell controllably addressable to eject one or more toner particles adhered thereto. The ejected toner particles can transit the space between the donor belt member and the direct marking substrate, and directly marking onto the direct marking substrate forming an image.
A development device in which abrasion of a developing roller can be reduced to expand the life of the device, and high-speed and high-quality images can be obtained stably over a long time. The developing roller is composed of an elastic body. An intermediate roller made of metal is disposed closely to the developing roller so as to face the developing roller. A magnetic roller is disposed closely to the intermediate roller so as to face the intermediate roller. A developer layer composed of a magnetic carrier and a toner is formed on the surface of the magnetic roller. The developer layer is carried to the intermediate roller side, and only the toner in the developer layer is transferred to the intermediate roller. A toner layer formed thus is transferred from the intermediate roller to the developing roller, and brought into contact with the surface of an image carrying member.
An transfer belt device includes a roller support supporting transfer rollers, a cam driving shaft having a cam, the cam having capability of swinging the roller support to move the transfer rollers toward and apart from color photosensitive drums to thereby switch a transfer belt and the color photosensitive drums between a state where the transfer belt is in contact with the color photosensitive drums and a state where the transfer belt is out of contact with the color photosensitive drums, a tension roller kept in contact with a surface of the transfer belt to exert tension on the transfer belt, and a pivotal axis on which the tension roller is swingably supported, the pivotal axis being common with the cam driving shaft.
A belt drive control unit controls a rotation of belt supported by first and second rollers. Each of rotations of the first and second rollers are detected as first and second results. A rotation of the first roller is controlled in connection with thickness fluctuation in the belt using the first and second results. The belt drive control unit includes a sampling data acquisition unit, a correction value generator, a correction value storage, and a correction value reading controller. The sampling data acquisition unit obtains sampling data by sampling a difference value between the first and second results. The correction value generator generates correction value data for the belt based on the sampling data. The correction value storage stores the correction value data. The correction value reading controller reads the correction value data based on a rotation number of the belt to control a rotation of the first roller.
An image forming apparatus includes a latent image forming part configured to form a latent image on an image carrier; a developing part configured to form a toner image by developing the latent image on the image carrier; a first transferring part configured to transfer the toner image on the image carrier to a surface of a transferring medium or a first intermediate transferring part; a second transferring part configured to transfer the toner image on the first intermediate transferring part onto a second intermediate transferring part; a third transferring part configured to transfer the toner image on the second intermediate transferring part onto a third intermediate transferring part; and a fourth transferring part configured to transfer the toner image on the third intermediate transferring part onto a rear surface of the transferring medium;
A fixing apparatus including a fixing member for fixing developer image on a recording medium, and a separation member separating the recording medium from the fixing member to guide the recording medium in a delivery direction of the recording medium. The separation member includes a resin member, a metal member formed on a front side of the resin member, and an opening. In accordance with a preferred aspect of the fixing apparatus, when the developer image is fixed to the recording medium, the opening arranged at the separation member is formed to flow the gas around the fixing apparatus, thereby improving the printing quality of the printed images.
A cleaning system for cleaning a moving surface of an image forming device, such as a photoreceptor. The cleaning system includes first and second links each having three pivot connections for pivotally connecting first and second cleaning blades together in mutually exclusive cooperative movement alternating between a common Cleaning Position at a first location and respective Suspended Positions. The cleaning system can include a Doctor Blade arrangement in which the cleaning blades are disposed in a Doctor Blade orientation in the Cleaning Position. The cleaning system can include a Wiper Blade arrangement in which the cleaning blades are disposed in a Wiper Blade orientation in the Cleaning Position. The first and second cleaning blades form similar Blade Holder Angles, Blade Deflection Angles and Working Angles when occupying the Cleaning Position.
An automatic document feeder includes a first path extending from a feeding tray to a scanning module, a second path extending from the scanning module to a reversing roller unit, and a third path extending from the reversing roller unit to an intermediate portion of the first path. A document is moved from the feeding tray onto the reversing roller unit via the first and second paths for a first scanning. Just before the document is moved through the second path, the reversing roller unit is driven to allow the document to move therethrough. Subsequently, the document is reversed on the reversing roller unit to move through a looped passage defined by the third path, a portion of the first path downstream of the intermediate portion, and the second path for a second scanning. The reversing roller unit is operable to allow two opposite edges of the document to move thereon in different directions.
Whether a job-lock function is enabled is determined. Whether a current mode is a mode for outputting an image of an area on an original document onto a recording paper is determined. When the job-lock function is determined to be enabled, and when the current mode is the mode for outputting the image of the part of the area of the original document on the recording paper, the image of an area larger than the part of the area is read. It is possible to improve accuracy of recognizing a copying protection pattern, and to improve security, even when density unevenness is present on a copying prevented original document.
There is provided an image forming device that forms images on recording sheets. The image forming device includes a frame having an opening, a cover movable for opening and closing the opening, a drum unit, a belt unit and a pair of registration rollers. The drum unit is disposed in the frame and having plurality of photosensitive drums each defining an axis, the plurality of photosensitive drums being juxtaposed in line in a direction orthogonal to the axis. The belt unit is accommodated in the frame and having a plurality of rollers and an endless belt mounted over the plurality of rollers under tension, the endless belt having a first running part running in a sheet conveying direction and in direct confrontation with each of the photosensitive drums, the first running part extending in a first direction, the drum unit being movable in the first direction and accessible through the opening. The pair of registration rollers nips the recording sheets therebetween to correct skew in the recording sheets and to convey each recording sheet toward the belt unit, the pair of registration rollers being supported to the frame and disposed at a side opposite to the drum unit with respect to an imaginary plane which is an extension of the first running part, the pair of registration rollers defining a nip point therebetween where the recording sheet is nipped, the nip point being located at a position aligned with the belt unit.
A transfer material separating device comprises a transfer material separating gas current section for separating a transfer material being moved with a transfer material moving member from the transfer material moving member by blowing gas to the transfer material and a control section for controlling the current of gas being blown from the transfer material separating gas current section to the transfer material, the transfer material separating gas current section including a gas current generating section for generating a gas current, a first gas current duct arranged at a position corresponding to a central part of the transfer material in the direction orthogonal or substantially orthogonal relative to the transfer material conveying direction and having a first gas blowing port connected to the gas current generating section, a second gas current duct arranged adjacent to the first gas current duct in the direction orthogonal or substantially orthogonal relative to the transfer material conveying direction and having a second gas blowing port connected to the gas current generating section and a third gas current duct arranged adjacent to the first gas current duct at the side opposite to the second gas current in the direction orthogonal or substantially orthogonal relative to the transfer material conveying direction and having a third gas blowing port connected to the gas current generating section.
A transfer material separating device includes a transfer material separation air blower unit configured to blow air to a transfer material moving together with a transfer material moving member and separate the transfer material from the transfer material moving member, in which the transfer material separation air blower unit includes a first blowing unit configured to blow air toward a center portion of the transfer material in the direction orthogonal or substantially orthogonal to the direction of movement of the transfer material, and a second blowing unit configured to blow air in the direction substantially orthogonal to the direction of movement of the transfer material to side portions of the transfer material in the direction orthogonal or substantially orthogonal to the direction of movement of the transfer material.
In a printing system, a position changing element moves a decurling roller around a conveyance roller to switch the position of the decurling roller relative to the conveyance roller at least between a decurling position in which a paper web is conveyed while being decurled and a conveyance position in which paper is conveyed without being decurled, and positions the decurling roller in the conveyance position when the conveyance of the paper is stopped.
A decurling mechanism moves a decurling roller around a conveyance roller by means of a position changing roller to change the relative position of the decurling roller to the conveyance roller to a decurling position in which a piece of paper web is conveyed while being decurled and a conveyance position in which a paper sheet is conveyed without being decurled. In this case, the clearance between the decurling roller and the conveyance roller when the decurling roller is in the decurling position is set to be larger than that when the decurling roller is in the conveyance position.
A decurling mechanism is configured so that a position changing roller moves a decurling roller among a plurality of decurling positions from the weakest decurling position to the strong decurling position. In this manner, the decurling force applied to each piece of paper web is set large when the piece of paper web has a length not smaller than a predetermined value, but set small when the piece of paper web has a length smaller than the predetermined value.
A decurling mechanism for performing a decurling process of correcting the curl of paper includes: a first roller; a second roller disposed travelably around the first roller; and a roller position changing mechanism for changing the second roller to a plurality of positions set on a traveling path of the second roller. The plurality of positions include a decurling position in which the decurling process to the paper is enabled and the paper is conveyed while being pinched between the first and second rollers, a conveyance position in which the decurling process to the paper is disabled and the paper is conveyed while being pinched between the first and second rollers and a pinch release position in which the paper is released from the pinch between the first and second rollers.
A stapling section staples a sheet has an opening. The opening has a first open side facing a moving direction of a recording medium moved by the medium moving section and a second open side extending along the moving direction. A shutter is near the second open side in the stapling section. The shutter has a first end axially supported in a freely rotatable manner on an upstream side in the moving direction for arranging the sheet at the stapling position, and a second end portion that hangs down toward the downstream side in the moving direction. When the sheet is not in the stapling section, the second end of the shutter hangs down to block the second open side. When the sheet enters the stapling section through the opening section, the second end of the shutter is pushed up by the axially supported end as the support shaft.
A supply for a label printer comprising of an image receiving medium for receiving an image and tags for receiving digital information.
A label printer comprising a cassette-receiving bay, said cassette-receiving bay having a base, a top opening opposite the base, and a locking mechanism extending from said base, said locking mechanism having a locking part, said locking part being movable in a first direction and biased in a second direction opposite to said first direction, said locking part having one or more projections such that a force thereon directed towards said base causes the locking part to move in the first direction and wherein said locking part is biased to move in said second direction when the force is removed.
A tape drive for use in for example a transfer printing apparatus to drive a printer ribbon. The printer ribbon is mounted on two spools each of which is driven by a respective stepper motor. A controller controls the energization of the motor such that the ribbon is transported in at least one direction between spools mounted on the spool support. The controller is operative to energize both motors to drive the spools of ribbon in the direction of ribbon transport to achieve push-pull operations. Ribbon tension is monitored to enable accurate control of ribbon supply and ribbon take-up, the ribbon tension being monitored, for example, by monitoring power supply to the two stepper motors.
A keypad having three-dimensional patterns and a method for manufacturing the same. The keypad includes a base layer, a light-guiding plate, a pattern layer, a shielding layer and a keycap layer. The light-guiding plate is overlapped on the base layer. The pattern layer is provided on the light-guiding plate. A plurality of three-dimensional patterns is provided on the front surface of the pattern layer. The shielding layer is coated on the back surface of the pattern layer, and is formed with a plurality of hollowed regions to correspond to the three-dimensional patterns. The keycap layer is overlapped on the pattern layer and formed with a plurality of keycaps to correspond to the three-dimensional patterns. In addition, the present invention provides a method for manufacturing keypad having three-dimensional patterns. Via the above arrangement, the recognition and aesthetic feeling of each three-dimensional pattern can be increased.
A nail polish container and applicator cap comprising a reservoir for containing nail polish to be applied, an opening into the reservoir, an applicator cap for sealing engagement with the opening, the applicator cap operatively associated with an applicator brush, the brush formed from bristles that are aligned in substantially the same direction as the longitudinal axis of the applicator cap, and an overshell of compressible material surrounding the applicator cap, the overshell providing a finger gripping surface on the applicator cap.
An ink cartridge structure includes a resilient device coupled to an ink cartridge for absorbing impact energy acting on the ink cartridge for protection of the ink cartridge. The resilient device includes a connection bar mounted to the ink cartridge and is coupled to a retention bar that is accessible by a user with a resilient element therebetween so that the resilient element provides cushioning to the ink cartridge. The connection bar is partially fit into a hollow portion of the retention bar and forms a vent hole that is in communication with the ink cartridge so that when the retention bar, under the resilient support by the resilient element, is manually moved reciprocally with respect to the connection bar, air is pumped, through the vent hole, into the ink cartridge to force the ink contained in the ink cartridge to ward a writing tip.
A hydraulic cylinder contamination prevention system for preventing large and small contaminants from entering into a hydraulic cylinder, including a hydraulic cylinder rod cover for underwater use with at least one automatic valve for preventing water circulation between the outside environment and the enclosed environment of the cylinder rod cover when the cylinder is stationary, egress of water from the cylinder rod cover when the cylinder is retracted, and ingress of water into the cylinder rod cover when cylinder is extended, and an external and abrasive cylinder rod scrubber.
A telescopic adjusting mechanism includes: an outer tube having a positioning unit; an inner tube having a hole and displaceable relative to the outer tube along a longitudinal axis; a locking unit displaceable along with the inner tube, and including a locking member movable along a transverse axis between a locking position, where the locking member extends through the hole to engage the positioning unit, and an unlocking position, where the locking member is disengaged from the positioning unit, and a biasing member biasing the locking member to the locking position, the locking unit being formed with an engaging member; a restraining member engaging releasably the engaging member when the locking member is at the unlocking position to prevent the locking unit from hindering retraction of the inner tube into the outer tube; and a drive unit operable to move the locking member from the locking position to the unlocking position.
A connector apparatus for joining a plurality of structural members, comprising a brace having a web extending lengthwise along at least a portion of a connector axis, the web having laterally opposite first and second web side edges and opposed web front and web back faces extending between the first and second web side edges, a first arm extending forwardly from the first web side edge relative to the front face of the web, the first arm presenting a first arm face, and a second arm extending forwardly from the second web side edge relative to the front face of the web, the second arm presenting a second arm face, wherein the first and second arm faces are inclined outwardly from each other at a first angle. The web may include at least one web aperture therein configured for receiving a fastening device for fastening the brace to at least one of the structural members. A linkage apparatus may be used to secure at least one brace to a plurality of structural members, the linkage apparatus including a first coupling member having a head portion for bearing against the web back face of a first brace of the at least one brace, and a barrel portion for engaging the at least one web aperture in the first brace, and a connector member engagable with the barrel portion of the first coupling member and being shaped for passing through an aperture in at least one of the structural members to secure the first brace against first faces of the structural members.
A concrete structure for replenishing an aquifer and a method for constructing the same is provided. The structure is comprised of a pavement layer with surface drains that extend through the pavement layer and into an aggregate leach field. The leach field includes leach lines spanning the leach field. An aggregate drain extends from the leach field into a sand lens. Precipitation which falls upon the structure thus flows through the surface drain, absorbed into the aggregate leach field, and transported to the aggregate drains by way of aggregate leach lines. The water is then absorbed into the sand lens, ultimately replenishing the aquifer. Existing conventional pavement structures are retrofitted by the removal of a section of the pavement, and filling the same with porous concrete.
A method and apparatus for finishing cured concrete floors using a riding trowel to which large diameter pans are rotationally secured, the pans having abraders releasably secured to their undersides. The individual abraders are preferably individually removably secured to the pans by hook-and-loop fasteners, wherein the fasteners are selectively disposed on the flat bottom surfaces of the pans or within shallow depressions in the bottom surfaces of the pans. The riding trowel further comprises a vacuum system in fluid communication with a contained space formed by a shroud having a rigid upper portion and a flexible lower portion where it contacts the finished cured concrete floor surface.
An air-displacement boat lift control that allows a user to raise an air-displacement boat lift in a single motion and also lower an air-displacement boat lift in a separate single motion. The boat lift control controllably couples a ball valve with a throttle-like lever arm having a forward (raise), reverse (lower), and neutral position.
A technique facilitates formation of connections between compliant tubular members and subsea facilities. A compliant tubular member is deployed to a subsea location in a manner that arranges the compliant tubular member in a curvilinear shape. The distal end of the compliant tubular member is drawn down into proximity with the subsea facility and then moved horizontally into alignment with the subsea facility. Subsequently, the distal end is lowered into engagement with the subsea facility without being detrimentally affected by motion of an upper end of the compliant tubular member.
The invention provides a method for the transport of a civil engineering structure in an aquatic medium. According to this method: at least one float is associated with the civil engineering structure in such a way as to ensure that the said civil engineering structure floats stably in an aquatic medium, the said float surrounding the civil engineering structure and a bottom portion of the civil engineering structure extending below the said float, and the civil engineering structure and the associated float are caused to move in the aquatic medium to a desired position.
Described herein are apparatus, systems and methods useful in forming underground vertical structures. Methods are described for constructing an underground vertical structure, comprising the steps of excavating soil to a sufficient depth to create a circular void to accommodate a plurality of segments; assembling a ring shaped structure comprising the plurality of segments; connecting the outside surface of the ring shaped structure with the soil in said circular void, thereby securing the ring shaped structure to the soil; excavating earth beneath the ring shaped structure to accommodate a second ring shaped structure; and repeating steps b-d thereby forming one or more additional ring shaped structures downward into the earth below already formed ring shaped structures until a predetermined depth is reached; thereby forming the underground vertical structure. Systems to perform the above methods are also disclosed.
Method of installing a bucket foundation structure comprising one, two, three or more skirts, into soils in a controlled manner. The method comprises two stages: a first stage being a design phase and the second stage being an installation phase. In the first stage, design parameters are determined relating to the loads on the finished foundation structure; soil profile on the location of installation; allowable installation tolerances, which parameters are used to estimate the minimum diameter and length of the skirts of the bucket. The bucket size is used to simulate load situations and penetration into foundation soil, in order to predict necessary penetration force, required suction inside the bucket and critical suction pressures, which penetration force, required suction, and critical suction pressures are used as input for a control system in the second stage, in which second stage the pa-rameters determined in the first stage are used in order to control the installation of the bucket.
A ground anchor or rock anchor is provided that includes an anchor tension member composed of one or more individual elements, such as steel bars, steel wires, or steel wire strands. While the anchor tension member is intended to be introduced into a drilled hole and anchored there, the anchoring of the anchor tension member at the exposed end of the drilled hole is achieved with the aid of anchor head. To this end, the anchor head comprises a support element to bear directly or indirectly against the underlying rock or substratum, and an anchoring component for tensioning the individual elements, which can be brought into a frictional connection with the individual elements while bearing against the support element. In addition, a cap, which extends around the anchoring component and the ends of the individual elements, protects the exposed end of the anchor head. For secure attachment of the cap to the rest of the anchor head, between the support element and anchoring component, a connecting element is arranged that has a first closure component at its circumferential side, and has a second closure component of complementary shape on its circumferential side, wherein the first and second closure component work together to produce a frictional connection between the cap and connecting element.
The present invention is directed to a device and assembly for the anchoring and tensioning of cable bolts used in earthen formations to stabilize the earthen structures to prevent or minimize the caving in or sluffing-off of the earthen structure. The new invention presents an integral wedge barrel and threaded sleeve which can be turned to facilitate both the mixture of cementing resins and the physical tensioning of an anchored cable.
The present invention is directed to a device and assembly for the anchoring and tensioning of cable bolts used in earthen formations to stabilize the earthen structures to prevent or minimize the caving in or sluffing-off of the earthen structure. The new invention presents an integral wedge barrel and threaded sleeve which can be turned to facilitate both the mixture of cementing resins and the physical tensioning of an anchored cable and which can reduce or prevent undesirable twisting of the cable during tensioning.
A retaining wall for water and soil conservation use a plurality of stacking retaining plates. Each of the retaining plate has a plurality of inner protrusions at an inner side thereof. The protrusions of the lower retaining plate of the stacking retaining plates grab the soil at the bottom of the slopeland so as to form a steady retaining structure. The method for performing the water and soil conservation by the wall is also disclosed.
A retaining wall block is disclosed that has a body. The body has a top, a bottom, a first end, a second end, a front side, and a rear side. The top has a first surface and a second surface adjacent the first surface. The first surface of the top is a first distance higher than the second surface of the top. The bottom has a first surface and a second surface. The second surface of the bottom is a second distance lower than the first surface of the bottom. The first and second distances are substantially similar. The first end has a top portion that extends a third distance beyond a bottom portion. The second end has a bottom portion that extends a fourth distance beyond a top portion. The third and fourth distances are substantially similar.
Machining of aluminum workpieces with diamond or diamond-like carbon-surface coated tools may be conducted in an atmosphere containing hydrogen gas at a partial pressure effective for hydrogen to react with carbon atoms at the surface to form C—H bonds that resist adherence of aluminum to the tool surface. Suitably, hydrogen or a hydrogen-containing gas mixture is confined at the interface of tool and workpieces at the machining site. Hydrogen partial pressure may be determined for a tool-workpiece-machining temperature combination by calculation or experiment.
A drill is designed to ensure wear resistance to achieve extended tool life. In the drill, at least the surface of the cutting edge is coated with a hard compound, and the film thickness dimension of the hard compound is set to be within the range of 0.1 μm or more and 1.0 μm or less. Further, the thickness dimension of the web thickness formed by the web of the groove portion is set to be within the range of 0.15 D or more and 0.25 D or less relative to the outer diameter D of the cutting edge. Consequently, chip dischargeability can be synergistically improved. As a result, there is an effect in that it is possible to prevent chip welding to thereby synergistically improve the life of the drill.
A carrier system for receiving a component comprises a bottom plate integrated in the design of a conventional ball mat in order to introduce forces, e.g., acting on the ball mat, into the structure, for example an aircraft structure.
A safety fastener capable of retaining portions thereof in the event of breakage is disclosed. The safety fastener includes a through hole along the longitudinal axis of a shaft. A secondary member, such as a wire rope, may be disposed within the through hole. Capturing members, such as balls sized larger than the through holes may be swaged or crimped to both ends of the secondary member, thereby capturing the shaft between them. In the event of breakage, portions of the shaft may remain substantially in place being confined by the secondary member and capturing members. Inspection of the safety fastener may include determining that the secondary member is loose relative to the shaft, thereby indicating that no gaps or separation has occurred in the shaft.
Disclosed is a clamp that includes a mechanical fastener, an expander including a bulbing portion and a shank wherein the bulbing portion of the expander forms a flange by movement of the mechanical fastener without applying an initial clamping force. After formation, the flange is then drawn into a clamping position by continued movement of the mechanical fastener. Also disclosed is a method of using the disclosed clamp.
A fastener and a fastener system using the fastener are disclosed. The fastener has an elongated shank having a thread formed at one end and a annular recess formed adjacent the threaded portion to define a leading and trailing abutment surface. The thread guides the fastener into engagement with one or more components having thread engagement features and the annular recess permits the free spinning of the fastener without further tightening after the thread engagement features have advanced past the thread. The fastening system includes the fastener and a component to be fastened having a passageway for accepting the fastener formed by at least two flanges engageable in the thread and engageable in the annular recess of the fastener.
A storage system allows secured attachment in a device, such as a refrigerator, a freezer, a medical cart or the like, having a shelf comprising spaced-apart wire rack ribs. The storage system has a body with top and bottom walls, side walls, a rear wall, and an open front face opposite the rear wall, the top wall having a pair of spaced-apart apertures. A front door, hingedly attached to the body, is sized to fully close the front face when attached thereto. The body is attached to the shelf using a screw and a screw-retaining member, with the screw-retaining member operating to secure the ribs of the shelf between itself and the body. A screw, with its head located inside the body, passes through one of the apertures and is threadingly secured to the screw-retaining member.
A nail strip is composed of a plurality of U-shaped nails or staples lined up along a line-up axis and bonded to each other in a side-by-side and detachable manner. Each staple includes a crown and two legs extending from opposite ends of the crown. The staples are oriented to have the crowns forming a serration configuration and the legs inclined with respect to the line-up axis so that when the staples are applied to a work piece the legs of the staples are forced into the work piece by following the inclination thereof to allow the staples to be applied to an edge of a work piece in a corner thereby enhancing the bonding force of the work piece at the edge.
A blade bolt for attaching a blade to a rotating member of a rotary mower has a head at a lower end, a cylindrical shoulder portion extending from the head, a shank extending from the shoulder portion, the shank having a cross-section that is rounded and non-cylindrical, and a threaded portion extending from the shank. The shoulder portion extends laterally beyond at least a portion of the shank such that the shoulder portion bears against the rotating member when the shank is inserted into a mounting aperture defined by the mounting member that has a shape corresponding to the cross-section of the shank. The rounded and non-cylindrical shank prevents rotation of the bolt, and distributes stress forces across a wider area compared to the prior art.
A fastener having a shank with a moveable portion that improves insertion of the fastener into an aperture, as well as improves the retention of the fastener within the aperture and the resistance of the fastener to extraction.
An apparatus for handling and transporting round bales. The apparatus can be mounted on the back of flatbed truck. The hay spear is retractable such that the truck can be attached to a trailer without dismounting the device. The hay spear contains two spikes that straddles the ball hitch. The spikes are attached to a shaft which is mounted to the backend to of the truck bed. The mechanism is mounted with four solid bearings such that it can rotate 190 degrees. On the right side of the truck beds surface is a mounted hydraulic cylinder with a piston. The piston is attached to a double solid bearing linkage bar for lifting and transporting large bales of hay.
A bale lifting device for the handling of bales of fibrous material such as hay. The bale lifting device having a pair of generally facing hydraulic cylinders configured for moving a pair of forks from a close inner position to a spaced apart outer position.
Embodiments of the present invention include quayside cranes and yard cranes related by a low elevated transfer system and a ground transportation carrier system. The low elevated transfer system includes low elevated transfer subsystems having low elevated rails, the low elevates rails include low elevated crane rails and low elevated flat carrier rails, low elevated cranes are disposed on the low elevated crane rails and low elevated flat carriers are disposed on the low elevated flat carrier rail. The ground transportation carrier system includes ground transportation carrier rails and transportation carriers moving along the ground transportation carrier rails. Embodiments of the present invention transport the containers by rails and use municipal electric as the power supply. A three-dimensional low elevated transfer system and a ground transportation carrier system are provided to implement three-dimensional transportation of containers. Embodiments of the present invention provide a container transportation schema that is efficient, power saving, environmental and automatic, ground resources are utilized with high efficiency. The present invention is an expansion and development of the invention provided in CN 200510111464.0.
The present invention provides a system for handling semiconductor dies, comprising providing a semiconductor die adhered to a tacky tape, cooling the semiconductor die and the tacky tape to reduce the adhesion between the semiconductor die and the tacky tape, separating the semiconductor die from the tacky tape, and moving the semiconductor die.
There is described apparatus and methods for transporting and processing substrates including wafers as to efficiently produce at reasonable costs improved throughput as compared to systems in use today. A linear transport chamber includes linear tracks and robot arms riding on the linear tracks to linearly transfer substrates along the sides of processing chambers for feeding substrates into a controlled atmosphere through a load lock and then along a transport chamber as a way of reaching processing chambers.
A turnstile system for rotating manufacturing carts. The turnstile system includes a rotary assembly defining a longitudinal and a mounting assembly including a plurality of turnstile arms. Each of the plurality of turnstile arms has a first portion, a second portion, and a manufacturing cart connection.
The remote controllable material handling system comprises a material handling device configured to carry particulate matter, which includes one or more operatively coupled actuators, wherein the actuators are configured to transfer the particulate matter carried by the material handling device and are responsive to one or more control signals. The remote controllable material handling system further includes a MHD receiver operatively connected to the material handling device, which is configured to generate the one or more control signals in response to one or more transmission signals originating from a wireless remote transmitter. The wireless remote transmitter is moveable relative to the material handling device, and configured to receive as input one or more operator instructions for generating the one or more transmission signals for transmission to the MHD receiver in response to the one or more operator instructions.
A vehicle wheel dolly is provided that includes a generally flat first plate, a first side wall, said first side wall extending generally upward from said first plate at a first side edge, a second side wall, said second side wall extending generally upward from said first plate at a second side edge, a rear wall, said rear wall extending generally upward from said first plate at a rear edge and intersecting said first side wall and said second side wall, a second plate, said second plate extending generally horizontally outward from said first side wall at a top edge, a third plate, said third plate extending generally horizontally outward from said second side wall at a top edge, at least one caster and wherein said first plate, said side first wall, said second side wall, and said rear wall create a well for accepting a tire and wheel assembly of a vehicle.
A lift having a platform with a substantially level ride is described. The lift reduces the distance between the ground and the platform in the ground position. An extension plate having receiving portions for accommodating portions of the lift when the platform is in a bed level position.
A transport arm of the present disclosure includes a pneumatic cylinder and an acting arm. The pneumatic cylinder includes a main body, a piston rod, a piston and a guiding pin. A chamber is defined in the main body. The piston rod is partially received in the chamber of the main body. The piston rod defines a guiding groove therein, and a section of the guiding groove is slanted relative to an axis of the piston rod. The piston is fixed to the piston rod and partitions the chamber of the main body into two chambers. The guiding pin is fixed to the main body, and an end of the guiding pin adjacent to the guiding groove of the piston rod moveably engages in the guiding groove. The acting arm is fixed to an end of the piston rod opposite to the piston.
A handling device and method utilizes a clamping arm that is screwed on a guide rod. The axial direction of the guide rod is in the vertical direction, and the rotating direction of the guide rod is in the horizontal direction. Makes the clamping arm rotate in the horizontal direction when the clamping arm is not restricted, and makes the clamping arm move in the vertical direction when the clamping arm is restricted. By such arrangements, the clamping arm can perform handling in the horizontal direction and in the vertical direction.
Device and method to pick up and remove from a bundle one or more bars in order to arrange them for use in an operating machine. The device comprises first magnetic means to separate from the bundle an end segment of a plurality of bars and to arrange at least the end segments of plurality bars on a plane distanced with respect to the bundle. The device comprises second magnetic means to pick up, from the first magnetic means, at least one bar at a time from the plurality of bars and to unload the at least one bar in a desired release position.
A wafer carrying apparatus or cassette is disclosed, which includes a binding or retention unit, so as to prevent wafers from being damaged by crash, inadvertent egress or exiting, and so on. The wafer carrying apparatus includes a main body provided with a plurality of wafer insertion grooves formed on inner sides and an opening formed on a front surface to take wafers in and out, a binding unit configured to move up and down on the front surface of the main body, its position relative to the insertion grooves being variable so as to close and open the insertion grooves, and a mechanism for varying the position of the binding unit relative to the insertion grooves, the mechanism being connected to the binding unit.
A regulation method for ordering a flow of two lines of products includes at least: —a first step of slowing when the spacing value between a first product pertinaing to one of the lines and a second product, situated immediately upstream and pertaining to another of the lines is less than a first set value; and—a second step of slowing when the value of the spacing between a downstream product of the first line and the proximal product situated immediately upstream on the second line is lower than a second set value, the first step of slowing and second step of slowing being respectively implemented selectively so as to place in phase the spacings between the products of the first and second lines according to a sequence determined as a function of the device for transferring to cavities.
A low pressure turbine for a gas turbine engine includes inner and outer counter-rotating rotor sets, with both said rotor sets driving a common shaft.
A system for reducing compressor noise includes a rotor having a plurality of blades. The blades have a nominal geometry characterized by a blade parameter. At least some of the blades are mistuned, such that they differ from the nominal geometry by greater than a manufacturing tolerance in the blade parameter. The blades produce shock waves at a blade passing frequency, and the mistuned blades shift acoustic energy away from the blade passing frequency to multiple lower amplitude tones at other frequencies. The system is configurable to be deployed with an inlet silencer that preferentially absorbs acoustic energy at some of the shifted frequencies.
The invention relates to a turbojet compressor comprising a shroud and a plurality of blades, each fixed via its root to the shroud. Level with each blade root, the shroud presents a suction-side ramp and a pressure-side ramp extending from the trailing edge of the blade to beyond its leading edge. The pressure-side and suction-side ramps join together upstream from the leading edge of the blade to form a projection presenting a profile that is twisted about the axis of the shroud so as to force the gas stream flowing in each flow passage to go round the blade root essentially on the suction-side thereof, and the suction-side ramp presents a profile that is inclined relative to the outside surface of the shroud so as to deflect the gas stream flowing in the corresponding flow passage from the suction-side surface of the blade towards the pressure-side surface of the adjacent blade.
The turbine includes a plurality of successive stages each having a rotatable disk and blades carried thereby. A pair of adjacent rotatable disks define an annular gap therebetween and have respective opposing sealing band receiving slots aligned with the annular gap. At least one of the rotatable disks has at least one notch therein coupled to the respective sealing band receiving slot, and a sealing band is in the opposing sealing band receiving slots to seal the corresponding annular gap. The sealing band includes at least one sealing strip and at least one movable locking tang carried thereby and extending into the at least one notch to define an anti-rotational feature for the sealing band.
A stackable nacelle for a wind turbine includes a first piece having a top wall and integral first side walls extending at a first obtuse angle from each edge of the top wall; and a second piece, for mating with the first piece, having a bottom wall and integral second side walls extending at a second obtuse angle from each edge of the bottom wall.
A diffuser for diffusing the exhaust gas produced by an engine, said diffuser comprising a wall or walls defining sections of the diffuser, said diffuser comprising: an initial section which extends for substantially one third the length of the diffuser, at the entry to said initial section the shape factor of the boundary layer flow at the or each wall of the section being in the range 1.3 to 1.6, said initial section being configured so as to substantially linearly increase said shape factor so that at the exit of said initial section said shape factor is in the range 1.6 to 2.2; and a main section following the initial section and extending for the remaining length of the diffuser, said main section being configured so as to maintain said shape factor in the range 1.6 to 2.2 over the length of the main section.
Due to variations arising during manufacturing, axial fans often are slightly imbalanced, resulting in noise during operation, which is undesirable in many contexts, for example when the fan is used for ventilation purposes in a motor vehicle. A fan with improved vibration and noise damping can be achieved by elastically suspending the fan wheel within a first ring formed of a hard plastic, the first ring having a tubular extension formed of a softer plastic, and serving to mechanically connect the first ring to a surrounding annular carrier part. Optionally, the first ring and extension unit can include a spring element. Preferably, the first ring and tubular extension are produced by a multi-component forming technology such as two-plastic technology. The fan is preferably driven by an electronically commutated motor (ECM).
A kinetically modulated fan structure is provided. The fan structure comprises a housing, a plurality of blades and an equilibrating structure, wherein the equilibrating structure is disposed on the inner side of the housing, and formed integrally with the housing and the blades. Thereby, the fan structure is adapted to be kinetically equilibrated during the manufacturing process. As a result, the modulation of the kinetic equilibrium with respect to the fan structure is eliminated since all of the yielded fan structures are uniform in quality. The simplified production is both time efficient and cost efficient, while producing a durable product.
A wind harnessing system comprises a substantially helical structure including at least a portion of a spiraling groove and at least one energy converter positioned at least partially within the portion of the spiraling groove. In other embodiments, wind grooves formed by adjacent bands which are fixed with respect to one another, carry energy converters which are moveable with respect to these fixed bands.
A wind energy to electrical power conversion device provides a protected multiple turbine mechanism axially aligned to convert kinetic energy of air movement, i.e. wind (or other moving fluid such as water), into rotational mechanical power to directly create electrical energy by the reaction of the wind with the turbine. The present wind energy to electrical power conversion device may either be configured as a vertical axis wind turbine (VAWT) or horizontal axis wind turbine (HAWT). An associated wind gathering sail automatically repositions itself to maximize wind intake and to collect and concentrate the wind prior to converting the wind into energy via the axially aligned multi-turbine mechanism into electrical energy. The remaining wind is released via a leeward-facing exhaust. The present axially aligned multi-turbine mechanism avoids interference by birds and other outside objects due to its inherent structural visibility.
A pair of airfoil blades having a longitudinal axis coincident with one another. Each blade is bent at the center on the plane of the chord. Each blade has an airfoil tip blade placed at the outer most trailing edge. The blades are affixed by their root ends to opposite ends of a torsion shaft. The blade chords are offset from one another, which defines a blade pitch angle. The torsion shaft is journaled perpendicular through a driveshaft, whereas the rotation of the blades can transfer through the torsion shaft to the driveshaft and cause the driveshaft to turn, eliminating the need for a hub. The blades are adapted to pivot along with the torsion shaft. The blades lie in substantially the same plane, and are adapted for rotation in a plane orthogonal to the longitudinal axis of the driveshaft. Each blade has an airfoil shaped fluid gate valve disposed on the leading edge.
A wind power plant comprising blades connected by a rods, which are fastened, to cantilevers set on a fixed axis with bearings. Each blade is connected to adjacent blades with a stem. The stem is connected to the blade at one end, the other end is connected to the rod of the adjacent blade. The rod of one blade is attached with weights. In different variations of the wind power plant the blades are fastened to the cantilevers, the internal and external edges of each blade at the butt ends are interconnected by a stem, wherein one end of the stem is connected to the rod near the external edge, while the other end is connected to the adjacent blade between the rod center and the internal edge thereof or to the adjacent blade between the center and the internal edge.
A wind turbine is provided having a gearbox containing a lubrication medium, a pump for circulating the lubrication medium. and a gearbox lubrication suction pipe for transporting the lubrication medium from the gearbox to the pump. A heater is in thermal connection to, at least a portion of, the gearbox lubrication suction pipe. This heater is used to heat the lubrication medium contained within the gearbox lubrication suction pipe to a temperature where damage to the pump is avoided.
The present invention relates to an improved multi-impeller arrangement and to a pump having the impeller arrangement. The impeller arrangement or impeller cluster includes at least two impellers, each impeller having an annular back plate and an annular front plate. The impellers are releasably secured together in an axially in-line series having the front plate of a first impeller at one end and the back plate of a second impeller at the other end. The second impeller includes an axial projection which extends from its back plate, through and beyond its front plate to the first impeller. The first impeller is engaged with the projection of the second impeller such that all impellers are rotatable as an assembly.
A lightweight wind turbine blade formed with a truss support structure assembly of composite truss joints including composite spar and cross members attached to and supporting in spaced relation a spine of lightweight rib panels. The rib panels are oriented in parallel spaced relation from one another and individually molded with perimeters defining individual areas of curvature for the finished blade assembly. The truss support structure is covered with a lightweight fiberglass or hardened fabric skin attached to and fitted on respective rib panel edges forming an airfoil structure.
The present patent application relates to a spinner for a wind turbine adapted to be mounted on a hub of said wind turbine, wherein at least one rotor blade is connected to said hub, wherein the rotor blade has an inner portion and a profiled outer portion, wherein the spinner is adapted to cover a substantial portion of the inner portion in wind direction, the spinner having a front portion, wherein the front portion is adapted to be positioned in front of the inner portion of the rotor blade of the at least one rotor blade of the wind turbine in operation. Further, the present patent application concerns a wind turbine comprising a hub and at least one rotor blade connected to the hub, the rotor blade having an inner portion and a profiled outer portion, the wind turbine further comprising a spinner mounted on the hub, wherein the spinner is adapted to cover a substantial portion of the inner portion in wind direction, the spinner having a front portion, wherein the front portion is adapted to be positioned in front of the inner portion of the at least one rotor blade of the wind turbine in operation. Finally, the present patent application relates to a method for increasing the efficiency of an existing wind turbine with at least one rotor blade being connected to a hub, the at least one rotor blade having an inner portion and a profiled outer portion, the method comprising: Mounting a spinner on the hub, wherein the spinner is adapted to cover a substantial portion of the inner portion in wind direction, the spinner having a front portion, wherein the front portion is positioned in front of the inner portion of the at least one rotor blade of the wind turbine in operation, wherein a back end of the front portion has a substantial smooth circumference.
A peristaltic pump is able to deliver accurate volumes over the life of a pump set that is operated on by the pump to drive the flow of fluid. The pump delivers fluid in small volumes or aliquots. In order to deliver fluid at any particular selected flow rate, the pump determines how often the rotor will rotate. The pump is able to calculate aliquot volume based on selected flow rate, but also on a factor that compensates for changes in the dimensions of the pump set over its life.
Two chamber pumps and related methods provide a platform for measuring flow rate in about real time without contacting the material being pumped. Pressure and optional temperature sensors disposed in a pressurized chamber allow for fluid delivery calculations after being calibrated or by knowing the initial volume of the fluid to be delivered.
A reservoir for a hydraulic pump system includes a reservoir body, an inner wall dividing an interior of the reservoir body into a first pressure chamber and a second pressure chamber, and a one-way valve connecting the first pressure chamber and the second pressure chamber. A piston assembly forms a first cylinder portion connected to the first pressure chamber and a second cylinder portion that is vented. The piston is movable within the cylinder under the influence of a biasing member to increase and decrease the overall volume of the first pressure chamber. The piston pressures a piston pump inlet connected to the first pressure chamber and maintains a constant pressure within the first pressure chamber under a variety of piston pump operating conditions.
An HVAC&R system including a blower system having a vertical motor adjustment is provided. The HVAC&R system includes a cooling unit, a heating unit, an air conditioning unit, and a blower unit. The blower unit includes a blower assembly having a fan unit within a fan unit support frame. A motor attached to a height adjustable motor base is attached to a top surface of the fan unit support frame.
A motor-operated fan apparatus is made up of a brushless motor and a centrifugal fan. The brushless motor has: a rotary shaft vertically disposed on a substrate in a rotatable manner; a stator disposed coaxially with the rotary shaft; and a rotor integrally disposed on the rotary shaft. The centrifugal fan has: a disk part which covers the brushless motor and is fixed to the rotary shaft; and a multiplicity of vane parts which are disposed so as to be elongated from an outer edge of the disk part. A ventilation control member is provided in a space between the rotor and the disk part to block the air flowing from the substrate side to the space between the rotor and the disk part.
Compressors are provided which include a motor having a drive shaft; a compression chamber, having an inlet and an outlet; a diaphragm, disposed within the compression chamber such that when the diaphragm is deflected back and forth between a first position and a second position air is drawn in through the inlet and forced out through the outlet; a crankshaft, operatively connected to the drive shaft; a shuttle, configured to be displaced transversely by rotational movement of the crankshaft, and positioned to deflect the diaphragm by its transverse movement; and a guide configured to inhibit non-transverse motion of the shuttle. In some implementations, the compressor occupies a total volume of less than about 15 cubic inches.
A pump for high G-load applications comprises a motor assembly coupled to an impeller mounted in a rigid housing and support structure. The motor assembly further comprises a rotor specifically designed to support large radial forces. The rotor is supported by two bearing assemblies. A stator that interacts with the rotor is supported by two rings that position it in the housing. The impeller acts upon a working fluid via an axial inlet and tangential outlet, which comprises a diffuser section to improve the overall pump efficiency. In an aspect, a first distance between the first bearing and the second bearing defines a bearing span, and the first bearing comprises a bearing bore, wherein a ratio of the bearing span to the bearing bore comprises less than 10:1.
An electrically powered pump includes a pump arrangement that pumps a liquid, and an electric motor arrangement that has a stator and a rotor that are installed on a passage through which the liquid pumped by the pump arrangement flows. At least one of the stator and the rotor has a winding wire that generates a magnetic field when it is energized to rotate the rotor with respect to the stator to drive the pump arrangement. The winding wire has a conductive body through which an electric current passes and an insulation body that insulates the conductive body. The conductive body is made of a material predominantly composed of carbon. Thereby, the liquid pumped by a pump arrangement is prevented from corroding the winding wire.
A positive displacement pump whose structure allows to increase the pressure of the lubricant taken from the oil sump, wherein the free level surface of the lubricant could even be located far away from the rotating members of the machine. This applies specifically to reciprocating, air compressors, which generally have an oil sump arranged very distant from the drive shaft used to transmit the motion needed for the actuation of the pump. The pump is based on a crank mechanism (7, 7′, 7″; 13; 13′) that sucks the lubricant and delivers it under pressure, in a target-oriented manner, to the components which require lubrication.
A method and system for reducing pulsation in a gas compressor system. A pulsation control device, such as a filter bottle or side branch absorber, is installed at a port into some location on the compressor system. The pulsation control device has a choke tube with a variable cross-sectional area, such as by having multiple conduits that may be opened or closed or a diameter that may be varied. In operation, the cross sectional area of the choke tube is varied depending on the compressor speed.
In a cylinder, a plunger is reciprocated in a plunger receiving hole to pressurize fluid in a pump chamber. A delivery passage hole extends in a direction generally perpendicular to an axis of the plunger receiving hole from the pump chamber to a radial intermediate location of the cylinder, which is located between the pump chamber and an outer peripheral surface of the cylinder in a radial direction of the cylinder. A tilted delivery passage hole is tilted relative to the axis of the plunger receiving hole and extends from a portion of the delivery passage hole, which is radially spaced from the pump chamber, toward the outside of the cylinder.
A lubricating pump having a first stage and a second stage; the first stage in turn has an intake connectable hydraulically to a tank of lubricating fluid, and a delivery outlet connectable hydraulically to a lubricated member; the first stage compresses the lubricating fluid from the tank to a pressure for supply to the member; the second stage in turn has an inlet connectable hydraulically to a casing housing the member, and an outlet connectable hydraulically to the tank; the second stage feeds the lubricating fluid in the casing back into the tank; the second stage is a Roots type, and has a first and a second rotor rotating about respective axes to feed the lubricating fluid from the inlet to the outlet; and the first and second rotor are operated by the first stage.
A sealed compressor is provided with a spray lubricant that will provide lubricant at various bearing surfaces during initial start-up of the compressor. The lubricant will wear away quickly after initial run-in, but liquid lubricant will be provided by that time.
A scroll compressor an orbiting scroll member including a second end plate, a second wrap extending from the second end plate and meshingly engaged with the first wrap to form a suction pocket in fluid communication with a suction pressure region of the compressor, intermediate compression pockets, and a discharge pocket in fluid communication with the discharge passage. An auxiliary passage is in fluid communication with one of the intermediate compression pockets to provide pressurized fluid to the chamber to deflect the first end plate and the first wrap axially toward the orbiting scroll member.
Provided is a scroll compressor having an improved function of oil circulation and back pressure control. The scroll compressor includes: a housing; a drive part for generating a rotational force; a drive shaft driven by the drive part; and a scroll compression part including a stationary scroll fixed regardless of rotation of the drive shaft and having a scroll wrap for compressing sucked fluid and a discharge port for supplying coolant into a discharge chamber, and an orbiting scroll orbited depending on rotation of the drive shaft and having a scroll wrap, characterized in that the coolant compressed by the scroll compression part is conveyed to the discharge chamber, the coolant of the discharge chamber is separated into oil and gas in an oil separator, the gas being discharged through a discharge hole and the oil being supplied into a back pressure chamber through a return path formed in the stationary scroll, and the oil is returned into a suction chamber through a back pressure adjustment valve.
A screw compressor is disclosed wherein a pair of rotor shafts are disposed horizontally and an oil sump is formed at the bottom of a bearing casing which accommodates bearings for supporting the rotor shafts, a bearing lower portion being soaked into oil present in the oil sump for lubrication. The screw compressor comprises a chamber provided separately from the bearing casing, an oil line for communication between the oil sump in the bearing casing and the chamber and oil level detecting means disposed in the chamber. According to this structure, the oil level in the bearing casing can be checked accurately and there is no fear of oil shortage in the bearings.
A rotary blower with an isothermal air jacket having multiple interconnected and synchronized parallel multi-lobe rotors with the same number of lobes for propelling flow from a suction port to a discharge port of an inner casing without internal compression. The isothermal air jacket is shaped to surround the blower outer body, but is oversized to provide adequate flow spaces with outer skin of the blower to enable an effective cooling of the outlet casing and an effective heating of the inlet casing so that the whole casing temperature will tend to be more uniform and isothermal, resulting in a blower with less vibration, lower noise and longer blower life.
Iron, in the form of particles or iron wool, is used for the remediation of contaminated water. For ensuring that the process generally follows preferred chemical pathways resulting in non-toxic end products, and for providing greater rates of contaminant reduction, the iron is enriched with graphite carbon, at least 4% by weight, and sulfur, at least 0.5% by weight.
Disclosed are methods of making ferritic ductile iron castings (60-40-18) with high toughness (6 ft.lb minimum Charpy V at −20 F and 10 ft.lb minimum Charpy V at +72 F), without adding Nickel and without annealing.
Ultra-low magnetic susceptibility, biocompatible palladium-tin, palladium-aluminum, and palladium-tantalum alloys include at least 75 at % palladium, between about 3 and 20 at % tin, aluminum, or tantalum, respectively, and one or more other additives chosen from niobium, tungsten, molybdenum, zirconium, titanium, tin for non-palladium-tin alloys, aluminum for non-palladium-aluminum alloys, or tantalum for non-palladium-tantalum alloys, up to about 22 at % total.
A manufacturing method for a composite metal bonding wire and products thereof. A material of Ag and Au is co-melted in a vacuum melting furnace, and then a plurality of trace metal elements are added into the vacuum melting furnace and co-melted with the material to obtain a composite metal ingot. The obtained composite metal ingot is drawn to obtain a composite metal wire. The composite metal wire is then drawn to obtain a composite metal bonding wire with a predetermined diameter.
Rose-color and yellow-color gold alloys are formed from a gold-base alloy containing silver and copper. Mining these elements is usually highly detrimental to the environmental. Environmentally friendly alloys are obtained through the use of recycled elements and elements recovered from mines utilizing specific guidelines. Jewelry manufactured from these environmentally friendly alloys may be more receptive to a consumer, resulting in a competitive advantage.
An aluminum alloy extruded product that exhibits excellent impact cracking resistance is formed of an aluminum alloy that includes 0.50 to 0.75 mass % of Mg, 4.5 to 6.5 mass % of Zn, 0.10 to 0.20 mass % of Cu, 0.17 to 0.23 mass % of Zr, 0.005 to 0.05 mass % of Ti, 0.05 mass % or less of Mn, 0.03 mass % or less of Cr, 0.20 mass % or less of Fe, and 0.10 mass % or less of Si, with the balance being Al and unavoidable impurities.
Aeration drying and disinfecting grain crops in bulk and pretreating seeds includes passing through a bulk of grain crops and seeds disinfecting and drying agents including an ozone and air mixture and surrounding air, subdividing the disinfecting and drying agents into a plurality of streams spaced from one another in a vertical direction, and passing the streams at different heights through levels located at corresponding heights of the bulk of grain crops and seeds transversely in a substantially horizontal direction.
An optical probe for detecting luminescence emitted by a sample is disclosed. The optical probe includes a parabolic optical waveguide and an outer housing having a detachable component configured to hold a transparent sensor substrate that can be coupled to the optical waveguide. The optical probe also includes a sensing material for detection of at least one specified analyte. An excitation source is configured to excite the sensing material. The optical probe also incorporates a measuring photodetector that detects emitted luminescence.
A biochemical test strip is provided. The biochemical test strip includes an insulating substrate, an electrode system, an insulating layer, and a cover. The electrode system is formed on the insulating substrate and the insulating layer is formed on the electrode system. The insulating layer has an opening, and the opening exposes a part of the electrode system to define a reaction region with a supply port. The cover is formed above the insulating layer to cover the reaction region and has a slot corresponding to the reaction region and a sampling hole corresponding to the supply port.
An automatic analyzer can be used for sucking out the specimen even if the shapes of racks differ from each other is provided. The automatic analyzer includes a shape-information obtaining apparatus which obtains the shape information of the rack including arrangement information of a specimen vessel, a position determining apparatus which transports racks to arrange the specimen vessel at a specimen-sucking position, and a control unit which controls the position determining apparatus to transport racks depending on shaped of the racks based on the shape information of racks. Further, the automatic analyzer includes a vessel detecting apparatus which detects whether there is the specimen vessel held in the rack, and at the same time, determines a position of the specimen vessel on the transport path as an adjustment reference position.
A microchemical chip of the present invention has a base composed of a ceramic and a light-transmitting member. The base composed of a ceramic is provided with a channel, a fluid supplying section disposed on the upstream side of the channel, a fluid reacting section disposed on the downstream side of the fluid supplying section, and a detecting section disposed on the downstream side of the fluid reacting section. The light-transmitting member is disposed so as to cover the detecting section of the base. With this configuration, the channel is formed in the base composed of a ceramic excellent in chemical resistance and heat resistance, thereby enabling reliability to be improved. Since the light-transmitting member is disposed so as to cover the detecting section, the reaction product can be inspected by an optical technique, for example, thereby enabling detection accuracy to be improved.
A filling apparatus for filling a microplate. The microplate having a plurality of wells each sized to receive an assay. The filling apparatus can comprise an assay input layer having a first surface and an opposing second surface. The assay input layer can comprise an assay input port extending from the first surface to the second surface and at least one pressure nodule extending from the second surface. An output layer can comprise a plurality of staging capillaries each having an inlet and an outlet. The output layer can further comprise a capillary plane disposed above the plurality of staging capillaries in fluid communication with the assay input port. The capillary plane can be sized to draw the assay from the assay input port to generally flood fill the plurality of staging capillaries.
An ultraviolet area sterilizer or disinfector is incorporated into a building structure where concern exists regarding the presence of pathogenic bacteria on environmental surfaces. Ultraviolet C (UV-C) generators generate UV-C that is directed to architectural partitions of an enclosed area. The architectural partitions reflect UV-C to kill pathogens in the enclosed area. The device transmits a calculated dose of UV-C from a fixture mounted to an architectural partition in the enclosed area. Once an effective cumulative dose of UV-C has been reflected to radiation sensors, as measured by the sensors, the device shuts down.
A catalyst includes a carrier body and a catalytic portion carried by the carrier body. The catalytic portion includes a plurality of distinct layers of catalytic material, which layers may be deposited through atomic layer deposition techniques. The catalyst may have a selectivity for the conversion of alkanes to alkenes of over 50%. The catalyst may be incorporated in a reactor such as a fluidized bed reactor or a single pass reactor.
Apparatus for intensifying heterogeneous chemical reactions is described. For the case of liquid-liquid reactions, with drops of a reactant distributed throughout the second continuous reactant, the physical phenomena of drop dispersion (break up) and drop coalescence are identified as the main physical steps affecting reaction rates. A basic flow cell structure is described in which the respective actions of dispersion and coalescence can be greatly intensified through the creation of enhanced body forces and shear flow zones. The basic cell structure can be arranged into pipe flow reactors to suit any production or process requirements. The basic cell structure is equally applicable to gas-liquid reactions with drops of one reactant being conveyed by a moving gas stream.
By using the above-mentioned device, it becomes possible to reduce non-peculiar adsorption of protein onto the substrate, and consequently to easily provide a sample from which proteins having high-molecular weights have been removed, and which is advantageously used for an analysis.
By way of further subsequent purification steps, processes for the recovery of ruthenium targets are obtained.
Method of producing ammonia borane, comprising providing polyborazylene; digesting the polyborazylene with a dithiol-containing agent to produce a boro-sulfide compound and a byproduct; converting the byproduct to the boro-sulfide product of step (b) by reaction with a first alkyl-tin hydride; and, converting the boro-sulfide compound produced in steps (b) and (c) to ammonia borane by reaction with a second alkyl-tin hydride.
Disclosed herein is a method of preparing a highly sinterable calcium phosphate-based ceramic powder and a compact thereof. The calcium phosphate-based ceramic powder and compact thereof according to the present invention are advantageous in that they are very biocompatible and economical because they are prepared using natural materials, have nano-sized particles, and are highly sinterable, and thus can be used for bone substitute materials.
Disclosed are a method and an apparatus for fabricating solar-grade high purity polycrystalline silicon compacts. Silicon compacts are fabricating by loading polycrystalline silicon powders into a mold without addition of binders in a vacuum atmosphere, and pressurizing and heating the polycrystalline silicon powders. Heating method includes a high-frequency induction heating type, an Ohmic heating type, and a high current supply type.
A stream of liquid methanol containing ammonia and other species is sent to the top of a countercurrent stripping column. The stream is stripped with a flow of ambient-temperature nitrogen or another inert gas. The column can be packed with random dumped packing. The overhead vapor contains ammonia and the liquid exiting the column has a reduced amount of ammonia. Removing ammonia can reduce or prevent fouling or corrosion caused by ammonia (and other compounds).
A method for forming a porous filamentous nanocarbon involves radially forming a tunnel-like mesopore from an outer periphery toward the central axis of a filamentous nano carbon by attaching a material having a metal catalyst on an outer periphery of the filamentous nanocarbon and removing a carbon hexagonal plane through gasification in virtue of the metal catalyst.
The present invention relates to at least one novel anti-alpha-V subunit antibodies, including isolated nucleic acids that encode at least one anti-alpha-V subunit antibody, alpha-V subunit, vectors, host cells, transgenic animals or plants, and methods of making and using thereof, including therapeutic compositions, methods and devices.
The present invention relates to a method for producing cancerous disease modifying antibodies using a novel paradigm of screening. By segregating the anti-cancer antibodies using cancer cell cytotoxicity as an end point, the process makes possible the production of anti-cancer antibodies for therapeutic and diagnostic purposes. The antibodies can be used in aid of staging and diagnosis of a cancer, and can be used to treat primary tumors and tumor metastases. The anti-cancer antibodies can be conjugated to toxins, enzymes, radioactive compounds, cytokines, interferons, target or reporter moieties and hematogenous cells.
The present invention relates to a method for producing cancerous disease modifying antibodies using a novel paradigm of screening. By segregating the anti-cancer antibodies using cancer cell cytotoxicity as an end point, the process makes possible the production of anti-cancer antibodies for therapeutic and diagnostic purposes. The antibodies can be used in aid of staging and diagnosis of a cancer, and can be used to treat primary tumors and tumor metastases. The anti-cancer antibodies can be conjugated to toxins, enzymes, radioactive compounds, and hematogenous cells.
The present invention relates to a method for producing cancerous disease modifying antibodies using a novel paradigm of screening. By segregating the anti-cancer antibodies using cancer cell cytotoxicity as an end point, the process makes possible the production of anti-cancer antibodies for therapeutic and diagnostic purposes. The antibodies can be used in aid of staging and diagnosis of a cancer, and can be used to treat primary tumors and tumor metastases. The anti-cancer antibodies can be conjugated to toxins, enzymes, radioactive compounds, and hematogenous cells.
Disclosed is the surprising discovery that aminophospholipids, such as phosphatidyserine and phosphatidylethanolamine, are specific, accessible and stable markers of the luminal surface of tumor blood vessels. The present invention thus provides aminophospholipid-targeted diagnostic and therapeutic constructs for use in tumor intervention. Antibody-therapeutic agent conjugates and constructs that bind to aminophospholipids are particularly provided, as are methods of specifically delivering therapeutic agents, including toxins and coagulants, to the stably-expressed aminophospholipids of tumor blood vessels, thereby inducing thrombosis, necrosis and tumor regression.
The present invention provides a novel imaging agent suitable for the non-invasive visualization of fibrosis. A precursor for the preparation of the imaging agent is also provided by the invention, as well as a pharmaceutical composition comprising the imaging agent and a kit for the preparation of the pharmaceutical composition. In a further aspect, use of the imaging agent for in vivo imaging and in the preparation of a medicament for the diagnosis of a condition which comprises fibrosis is provided.
Provided herein are PDGF-Rβ imaging agents that are polypeptides labeled with a signal generator (e.g., paramagnetic label, a radionuclide, or a fluorophore), wherein the imaging agents bind specifically to PDGFR-β. Also provided are in vivo imaging methods using the imaging agents.
Piperidine or piperazine compounds useful for treating neurodegenerated diseases characterized by the lack of dopamine neurons activity or for imaging the dopamine neurons are provided. The compounds are characterized by the formulae:
This invention encompasses compositions and methods for treating and imaging vulnerable plaque and other inflamed regions in a subject.
The invention relates to nanoparticles coated with an inorganic nanoscale material herein referred to as core-shell nanoparticle, in which the core material has a wider band gap than the shell material. The described core-shell nanoparticles are very suitable for the application in photodynamic therapy due to their enhanced energy transfer ability.
A method of making a bacteriochlorin is carried out by condensing a pair of compounds of Formula II
to produce the bacteriochlorin, wherein R is an acetal or aldehyde group. The condensing may be carried out in an organic solvent, preferably in the presence of an acid. The bacteriochlorins are useful for a variety of purposes such as active agents in photodynamic therapy, luminescent compounds in flow cytometry, solar cells, light harvesting arrays, and molecular memory devices.
The present invention relates to a method of imaging of an animate human or non-human animal body, which method comprises: administering parenterally to said body a particulate material comprising a matrix or membrane material and at least one contrast generating species, which matrix or membrane material is responsive to a pre-selected physiological parameter whereby to alter the contrast efficacy of said species in response to a change in the value of said parameter; generating image data of at least part of said body in which said species is present; and generating therefrom a signal indicative of the value or variation of said parameter in said part of said body. The invention also relates to contrast media for imaging a physiological parameter.
A selected substance is dissolved into a given injectable fluid medication having an initial clear visual appearance. The selected substance is selected from a group of substances which, when dissolved in the injectable fluid medication, will alter the clear appearance to produce a non-clear or altered visual appearance. The altered visual appearance could be a color, which, by code, identifies the given injectable fluid medication, and distinguishes the given injectable fluid medication from a different injectable fluid medication, the clear visual appearance of which has been altered by dissolving another selected substance to produce a colored visual appearance different from the color of the altered visual appearance of the given injectable fluid medication.
The present invention provides a stable aerosol pharmaceutical formulation of a beta-agonist, an anticholinergic, or a combination thereof in combination with a cosolvent and optionally a surfactant. The invention also provides a method of making the stable aerosol pharmaceutical formulation and methods of treating bronchoconstriction, asthma and related conditions with the stable aerosol pharmaceutical formulation of the present invention.
A cosmetic or dermatological preparation for combating or substantially preventing pollen allergies. The preparation comprises panthenol, glycerol and at least one of citrate and bisabolol and has at least one of (i) a pH of from about 4.6 to about 5.4, (ii) a mass ratio of panthenol to citrate of from about 25:1 to about 5:1, based on citrate anion, and (iii) a mass ratio of panthenol to bisabolol of from about 5:1 to about 1:1. This Abstract is not intended to define the invention disclosed in the specification, nor intended to limit the scope of the invention in any way.
A method is shown for reducing or eliminating the levels or activities of potentially harmful or contaminating organisms or cells by applying nanophase manganese (VII) oxide to solutions, surfaces or materials to eliminate, reduce or prevent the growth of potentially harmful, contaminating or undesirable microorganisms, such as algae and bacteria.
This invention relates to water based slurry compositions of cosmetic and personal care products and methods of making and using water based slurry compositions for cosmetic and personal care products such as foundations, eye shadows, lotions, and creams.
The present invention provides kits and methods for treating hair on the scalp comprising non-toxic compositions providing beneficial effects on hair without employing high temperatures, free radical initiators or rinsing hair after applying the compositions.
A process for dyeing human keratin fibers in the presence of at least one oxidizing agent, comprising applying to the fibers at least one anhydrous composition (A) comprising at least one fatty substance and at least one surfactant, at least one composition (B) comprising at least one oxidizing agent, and at least one composition (C) comprising at least one dye chosen from direct and oxidation dyes, and at least one organic amine having a pKb at 25° C. of less than 12. The present disclosure also relates to a multi-compartment device containing, in separate compartments, the compositions (A), (B), and (C); and a method of making a ready-to-use composition. The present disclosure also relates to an anhydrous composition comprising at least one fatty substance, at least one surfactant, at least one dye, and at least one organic amine.
The disclosure provides ready-to-use cosmetic compositions for permanently shaping keratin fibers comprising, as permanent hair-shaping active agent, a base not belonging to the hydroxide family. The disclosure also provides kits comprising compartments to be placed in contact to form the ready-to-use compositions, and processes using these compositions.
The use of interleukin-11 to prevent, to ameliorate, and to treat an immune-mediated disease in a mammal in need of such treatment is disclosed.
The present invention relates generally to the treatment of an interleukin-11 (IL-11)-mediated condition. More particularly, the present invention provides the use of modified forms of IL-11 which modulate IL-11 signaling in the treatment of IL-11-mediated conditions.
Immunization of a mammal with IL-1α, which causes the mammal to generate IL-1α autoantibodies, can be used to reduce the risk and severity of, or to reduce progression of, an atherosclerosis-related disease in the mammal. Progression of atherosclerosis-related diseases such as peripheral ischemic heart disease, coronary artery disease, cerebrovascular disease, and peripheral arterial disease can be reduced using this treatment.
Methods for treating mammals with infections, particularly viral infections using molecules that have an IL-21 functional activity are described. The molecules having functional activities include polypeptides that have homology to the human IL-21 polypeptide sequence and proteins fused to a polypeptide with IL-21 functional activity. The molecules can be used as a monotherapy or in combination with other known antimicrobial or antiviral therapeutics.
The present invention discloses compounds of formula I, II and III or pharmaceutically acceptable salts, esters, or prodrugs thereof:
which inhibit serine protease activity, particularly the activity of hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS3-NS4A protease. Consequently, the compounds of the present invention interfere with the life cycle of the hepatitis C virus and are also useful as antiviral agents. The present invention further relates to pharmaceutical compositions comprising the aforementioned compounds for administration to a subject suffering from HCV infection. The invention also relates to methods of treating an HCV infection in a subject by administering a pharmaceutical composition comprising the compounds of the present invention.
The present invention relates to compounds of Formula I, or pharmaceutically acceptable salts, esters, or prodrugs thereof:
which inhibit serine protease activity, particularly the activity of hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS3-NS4A protease. Consequently, the compounds of the present invention interfere with the life cycle of the hepatitis C virus and are also useful as antiviral agents. The present invention further relates to pharmaceutical compositions comprising the aforementioned compounds for administration to a subject suffering from HCV infection. The invention also relates to methods of treating an HCV infection in a subject by administering a pharmaceutical composition comprising a compound of the present invention.
It has been discovered that granulocyte macrophage colony stimulating factor (“GM-CSF”) promotes migration of activated (but not differentiating) keratinocytes to wound sites. It was also discovered that GM-CSF increases the quantity and improves the quality of collagen. This growth factor specifically increases migration of keratinocytes of the “wound” phenotype but does not have significant effects upon differentiated keratinocytes. Examples demonstrate reversal of skin impairment in multiple animal models of diabetic skin imparment when provided in an effective amount over an effective time period. The examples also demonstrate the efficacy of the formulations in cosmetic applications. A preferred formulation is a sustained release formulation that delivers sufficient growth factor to the skin and the underlying tissue thereof to increase the rate of keratinocyte migration, as well as collagen deposition and fibroblast proliferation, in the skin to promote rejuvenation of skin injuries resistant to repair due to underlying disease, such as diabetes, or aging.
Cloned, i.e. defined, defective interfering (DI) influenza A virus is produced in embryonated hens eggs using a method which generates large quantities of DI virus material. Cloned DI virus is then used in tests on mice and ferrets given a lethal challenge of wild-type influenza A virus. When cloned DI influenza A virus is co-administered with a lethal dose of virulent influenza A virus, mice are protected compared to a control of inactivated cloned DI influenza A virus. Mice which survived the administration of cloned DI influenza A virus and infective challenge virus are three weeks later still protected against lethal challenge with infective virus. Control mice which received only cloned DI influenza A virus and no lethal challenge are not protected three weeks later on lethal challenge with infective virus.
Described herein are multipotent stem cells, e.g., human and other mammalian pluripotent stem cells, and related methods.
The instant invention provides methods and compositions for the production and use of pluripotent stem-like cells from somatic cells, e.g., fibroblasts.
The present invention relates to a method for culturing tenocytes. In particular the present invention relates to a method for culturing tenocytes comprising the step of incubating tenocytes in a culture medium comprising insulin or functional derivative.
The invention relates to receptors of catecholamines and their role in stem cell development and function.
Provided is a composition comprising a primed engineered tissue construct, methods of making the composition, methods of using the composition in dermatologic surgery, and a kit for supplying surgical tissue graft components.
A substantially enriched human multipotent progenitor cell population is provided, which is characterized as a progenitor cell capable of giving rise to the multipotent lineage but which lacks certain long-term self-renewal properties of the hematopoietic stem cell. Methods are provided for the isolation and culture of these cells. The cell enrichment methods employ reagents that specifically recognize CD34, CD38, CD90 and CD45RA, in conjunction with lineage specific markers. These cells give rise to all types of hematopoietic cells, e.g. myeloid and lymphoid cells, in vivo.
The present invention provides materials and methods for screening for and treating hereditary lymphedema in human subjects.
The invention relates, in part, to non-neonatal Sertoli cells derived from non-rodent animals, pharmaceutical compositions comprising such Sertoli cells, and uses thereof. The non-neonatal, non-rodent Sertoli cells express more FasL than neonatal Sertoli cells, and they provide greater immunoprivilege than neonatal Sertoli cells. In some embodiments the Sertoli cells are modified to express a biological factor. In other embodiments, the pharmaceutical compositions further comprise non-Sertoli cells. The invention also provides implantation devices comprising the pharmaceutical compositions, methods of making the pharmaceutical compositions, and methods of using the pharmaceutical compositions by administering an effective amount of the compositions.
The present invention relates to a method to increase oligodendrocytes and oligodendrocyte precursor cells through administration of prolactin or a prolactin inducing agent.
To provide a transformed hair follicle and a method for transferring a gene to a mammal by means of the transformed hair follicle.
The invention provides a method for producing a transformed hair follicle including transferring a gene into a hair follicle by use of a virus vector, characterized by including providing a lentivirus pseudo-typed with VSV-G as a virus vector and transfecting a hair follicle with the lentivirus ex vivo.
The invention relates to a bifunctional nucleic acid which includes a first nucleic acid which comprises an aptamer bonded to a second nucleic acid that possesses a biological activity (herein referred to as a “biological effector sequence”) and which is not a nucleic acid ligand.
The present invention provides methods and compositions for reprogramming somatic cells to a more primitive state, such as induced pluripotent stem cells, using homologous recombination. The induced pluripotent stem cells generated by the methods of the present invention are useful in a variety of therapeutic applications in the treatment and prevention of diseases and disorders.
The present invention is directed to mammalian bi-specific T cells and methods for using these bi-specific T cells. More specifically, the invention relates to a method of controlling administration of cancer antigen to a subject by providing bi-specific T cells that express a viral antigen T cell receptor and a cancer antigen-specific chimeric receptors and triggering their activation by also administering antigen-presenting T-cells which express viral antigen. These bi-specific T cell clones are a source of effector cells that persist in vivo in response to stimulation with viral antigen, leading to long-term function after their transfer to patients with cancer and autoimmune diseases.
The present invention is directed to an environmentally closed cell processing device, for the aseptic processing of blood cells. The device includes a continuous flow centrifuge, fluid reservoirs and fluid handling systems. Blood cells are processed by the present device, to remove their immunodominant antigens. Seroconverted cells and methods of treating subjects with these cells are also described.
The present invention discloses methods and devices for selectively removing anti-PEG antibodies from a patient's blood prior to administration of a PEG-conjugated therapeutic agent so as to prevent immune reactions against the PEG-conjugated therapeutic agents when the agents are administered as a therapeutic regimen. Removal of anti-PEG antibodies may be physical, in which anti-PEG antibodies are physically removed from the blood through an extracorporeal blood circuit connected to an anti-PEG antibody removal device, or functional, in which an anti-PEG inactivating agent is infused into the patient's blood stream prior to administration of the PEG-conjugated therapeutic agent. Also disclosed is a device for selectively removing anti-PEG antibodies from a blood stream and system incorporating the device.
The present invention relates to enantiomerically pure (−) 2-[1-(7-methyl-2-(morpholin-4-yl)-4-oxo-4H-pyrido[1,2-a]pyrimidin-9-yl)ethylamino]benzoic acid or pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof, it being in a solid state, its use in medical therapy, pharmaceutical composition comprising it, its use in the preparation of a medicament for use in a method for preventing or treating diseases, and its use in method for preventing or treating disease. The present invention relates to a selective inhibitor of phosphoinositide (PI) 3-kinase β and use of the selective inhibitor in e.g. anti-thrombotic therapy.
This invention provides compositions of highly phosphorylated lysosomal enzymes, their pharmaceutical compositions, methods of producing and purifying such lysosomal enzymes and compositions and their use in the diagnosis, prophylaxis, or treatment of diseases and conditions, including particularly lysosomal storage diseases.
The invention relates to methods for the treatment of a severely bleeding subject.
The invention relates to methods for treatment of bleeding episodes in a subject with thrombocytopenia.
The present invention is based, in part, on the discovery that galectin-1 (Gal1) plays a role in immune disorders, including Hodgkin lymphoma. Accordingly, the invention relates to compositions, kits, and methods for detecting, characterizing, modulating, preventing, and treating immune disorders, e.g., Hodgkin lymphoma.
Disclosed herein are substituted indole cysteinyl leukotriene receptor modulators of Formula I, process of preparation thereof, pharmaceutical compositions thereof, and methods of use thereof.
A TNFR homolog, identified as DcR3, is provided. Nucleic acid molecules encoding DcR3, chimeric molecules and antibodies to DcR3 are also provided.
Provided herein are methods and compositions for reducing the invasiveness of cancer cells. Such methods and compositions are particularly useful for cancer cells that express a member of the Toll Like Receptor9 (TLR9) subfamily and are useful in selecting the proper treatment for a subject with cancer.
The present invention relates to antibodies against interleukin-1 receptor (IL-1R), methods for their production, pharmaceutical compositions containing said antibodies, and uses thereof. The antibodies of the present invention are particularly useful for treating a variety of inflammatory diseases including, but not limited to, rheumatoid arthritis.
Anti-Aβ globulomer antibodies, antigen-binding moieties thereof, corresponding hybridomas, nucleic acids, vectors, host cells, methods of producing said antibodies, compositions comprising said antibodies, uses of said antibodies and methods of using said antibodies.
The present invention relates to anti-Aβ globulomer antibodies having a binding affinity to Aβ(20-42) globulomer that is greater than the binding affinity of the antibody to Aβ(1-42) globulomer, antigen-binding moieties thereof, hybridomas producing said antibodies, nucleic acids encoding said antibodies, vectors comprising said nucleic acids, host cells comprising said vectors, methods of producing said antibodies, compositions comprising said antibodies, therapeutic and diagnostic uses of said antibodies and corresponding methods relating to Alzheimer's disease and other amyloidoses.
The present invention relates to a humanized antibody or functional fragment thereof which binds to a mammalian (e.g., human) CC-chemokine receptor 2 (CCR2) or a portion of the receptor and blocks binding of a ligand to the receptor. The invention further relates to a method of inhibiting the interaction of a cell bearing mammalian CCR2 with a ligand thereof, and to use of the antibodies and fragments in therapeutic, prophylactic and diagnostic methods.
Compounds useful as antiproliferative agents, including, for example, anticancer agents, according to formula I:
The present invention relates to methods of treatment, prevention, management or amelioration of one or more symptoms of diseases or disorders associated with CD20 expression that encompass administration of a combination of: (A) one or more antibodies that specifically bind FcγRIIB, particularly human FcγRIIB, with greater affinity than said antibodies bind FcγRIIA, and (B) one or more antibodies that specifically bind to CD20. Such methods include methods of treating, preventing, managing or ameliorating one or more symptoms of a B cell related disease or disorder or an inflammatory disorder. The invention also provides pharmaceutical compositions comprising an anti-FcγRIIB antibody and an anti-CD20 antibody.
The invention describes the use of an antibody specific for serum amyloid P component, for the treatment or prophylaxis of amyloidosis, and the use of a compound which depletes serum amyloid P component from the circulation in combination with an antibody specific for serum amyloid P component.
The present invention relates to a method for producing cancerous disease modifying antibodies using a novel paradigm of screening. By segregating the anti-cancer antibodies using cancer cell cytotoxicity as an end point, the process makes possible the production of anti-cancer antibodies for therapeutic and diagnostic purposes. The antibodies can be used in aid of staging and diagnosis of a cancer, and can be used to treat primary tumors and tumor metastases. The anti-cancer antibodies can be conjugated to toxins, enzymes, radioactive compounds, and hematogenous cells.
The present invention relates to applications based on the findings of the interaction between NKp80 and its ligand AICL. A method of treating or preventing inflammatory diseases in a subject is disclosed, comprising administering a substance blocking the interaction between NKp80 and AICL, in particular for treating autoimmune diseases. Preferably, the substance is selected from the group comprising anti-NKp80-antibodies, anti-AICL-antibodies, soluble NKp80, soluble AICL, or functional fragments thereof.
The present invention relates to a cell for the production of an antibody molecule such as an antibody useful for various diseases having high antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxic activity, a fragment of the antibody and a fusion protein having the Fc region of the antibody or the like, a method for producing an antibody composition using the cell, the antibody composition and use thereof.
The present invention relates to methods for reducing or eliminating the non-specific release of a cytokine associated with a disease comprising administering at least one glucocorticoid and an immunostimulating antibody. Additionally, the present invention relates to a pharmaceutical composition that contains at least one immunostimulating antibody and at least one glucocorticoid.
Methods are provided to manipulate phagocytosis of cells, including hematopoietic cells, e.g. circulating hematopoietic cells, bone marrow cells, etc.; and solid tumor cells. In some embodiments of the invention the circulating cells are hematopoietic stem cells, or hematopoietic progenitor cells, particularly in a transplantation context, where protection from phagocytosis is desirable. In other embodiments the circulating cells are leukemia cells, particularly acute myeloid leukemia (AML), where increased phagocytosis is desirable.
The present invention relates to BCMA polypeptide variants and their uses, particularly for therapeutic or prophylactic treatment in human subjects. The invention also relates to nucleic acids encoding said polypeptides, vectors comprising such nucleic acids and recombinant cells containing the same. The invention further discloses methods of producing such polypeptides, as well as methods and tools for detecting or dosing these polypeptides in any sample.
Immunoglobulin chains or antibodies having light or heavy chain complementarity determining regions of antibodies that bind to P-Selectin Glycoprotein Ligand-1. Also disclosed are methods of inducing death of an activated T-cell and of modulating a T cell-mediated immune response in a subject.
The present invention relates to compositions and methods for characterizing, diagnosing and treating cancer. In particular, the present invention identifies LGR5 as a protein over-expressed in solid tumor stem cell. The present invention further identifies an interaction between RSPO1 and LGR5 as an alternative pathway for the activation of beta-catenin signaling. In certain embodiments, the present invention provides biomolecules that disrupt functional signaling via a LGR protein, including, in certain embodiments, molecules that inhibit the interaction between one or more RSPO proteins and one or more LGR proteins, such as LGR5. In certain embodiments, the present invention provides methods of treating cancer comprising disrupting functional LGR signaling and inhibiting growth of a solid tumor comprising solid tumor stem cells.
Subject of the invention are peptides corresponding to a fragment of amino acids 240-290 of human prostatic acid phosphatase. The invention also relates to nucleic acids, antibodies, medicaments and diagnostics and their use and use of the peptides for the treatment and diagnosis of viral diseases, especially HIV disease.
The invention relates to the use preferably of at least one active ingredient for the prophylaxis or therapy of a viral disease, wherein this active ingredient inhibits at least one component of the cellular signal transduction pathway for the activation of the transcription factor NF-kB such that virus multiplication is inhibited. The present invention relates furthermore to the local, preferably aerogenic, administration of the active ingredient according to the invention for inhibiting virus multiplication. The active ingredient according to the invention may be combined with at least one further antivirally effective substance for the prophylaxis or therapy of a viral disease.
Anti-K63-linked polyubiquitin monoclonal antibodies, and methods for using the antibodies, are provided.
The present invention provides for a method for inhibiting tumor invasion or metastasis in a subject which comprises administering to the subject a therapeutically effective amount of a form of soluble Receptor for Advanced Glycation Endproducts (RAGE). The present invention also provides a method for evaluating the ability of an agent to inhibit tumor invasion in a local cellular environment which comprises: (a) admixing with cell culture media an effective amount of the agent; (b) contacting a tumor cell in cell culture with the media from step (a); (c) determining the amount of spreading of the tumor cell culture, and (d) comparing the amount of spreading of the tumor cell culture determined in step (c) with the amount determined in the absence of the agent, thus evaluating the ability of the agent to inhibit tumor invasion in the local cellular environment. The present invention also provides a pharmaceutical composition which comprises a therapeutically effective amount of the agent evaluated in the aforementioned method and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier.
The present invention relates to the use of cytoxicity based on the effector function of anti-EphA4 antibodies. Specifically, the present invention provides methods and pharmaceutical compositions that comprise an anti-EphA4 antibody as an active ingredient for damaging EphA4-expressing cells using antibody effector function. Since EphA4 is strongly expressed in pancreatic cancer cells, the present invention is particularly useful in pancreatic cancer therapies.
Disclosed are specific binding agents, such as fully human antibodies, that bind to angiopoietin-2. Also disclosed are heavy chain fragments, light chain fragments, and CDRs of the antibodies, as well as methods of making and using the antibodies.
The present invention relates to novel compositions and methods for regulating an immune response in a subject. More particularly, the invention relates to specific antibodies that regulate the activity of NK cells and allow a potentiation of NK cell cytotoxicity in mammalian subjects. The invention also relates to fragments and derivatives of such antibodies, as well as pharmaceutical compositions comprising the same and their uses, particularly in therapy, to increase NK cell activity or cytotoxicity in subjects. 
This invention concerns in general treatment of diseases and pathological conditions with anti-VEGF antibodies. More specifically, the invention concerns the treatment of human patients susceptible to or diagnosed with cancer using an anti-VEGF antibody, preferably in combination with one or more additional anti-tumor therapeutic agents.
The invention relates to a monoclonal antibody or a fragment thereof, recognizing a peptide of sequence set forth as SEQ ID NO 7 or an analogue thereof, wherein the complementarity determining region 3 (CDR3) of its H chain variable region comprises the peptide sequence set forth as SEQ ID NO 1 or a functional analogue thereof.
Disclosed is the use of an antagonist of Interleukin 1 receptor type 1 (IL-1R1) for the manufacture of a medicament treating, preventing or suppressing lung inflammation or a respiratory disease. In some embodiments of the described invention, the medicament is for local administration to pulmonary tissue. Also disclosed are methods for treating lung inflammation or a respiratory disease.
Disclosed are biological markers for obesity and methods for diagnosing and treating obesity and related conditions by detecting and modulating the activity of auto-antibodies against the melanocortin-4 receptor or a portion of the melanocortin-4 receptor. Also disclosed are methods for discovering new therapeutics which modulate the activity of auto-antibodies against the melanocortin-4 receptor or a portion of the melanocortin-4 receptor, in particular which prevent the binding of auto-antibodies against the melanocortin-4 receptor or a portion of the melanocortin-4 receptor.
The present invention provides antibodies (such as chimeric and humanized antibodies) specifically bind to an epitope on CD43 and CEA expressed on nonhematopoietic cancer cells. In addition, the present invention also provides use of the antibodies described herein for diagnostic and therapeutic purposes.
This disclosure characterizes the function and the expression of the human protein encoded by tm9sf4. The protein is highly expressed in malignant tumor cells and therefore is a novel marker for malignancy. Moreover, the protein is involved in the phagocytotic character of tumor cells. This disclosure provides methods and tools to diagnose and follow up malignancy of tumors. Furthermore, means to inhibit phagocytotic character of tumor cells as well as means to treat cancer are provided.
The present invention provides a variety of isolated peptides and peptidomimetics, which can be useful, for example, in constructing the conjugates of the invention or, where the peptide itself has biological activity, in unconjugated form as a therapeutic for treating any of a variety of cardiovascular diseases as described below. Thus, the present invention provides an isolated peptide or peptidomimetic which has a length of less than 60 residues and includes the amino acid sequence CRPPR (SEQ ID NO: 1) or a peptidomimetic thereof. The invention further provides an isolated peptide or peptidomimetic which has a length of less than 60 residues and includes the amino acid sequence CARPAR (SEQ ID NO: 5) or a peptidomimetic thereof, or amino acid sequence CPKRPR (SEQ ID NO: 6) or a peptidomimetic thereof.
The present invention provides for diagnostic kits for identifying cancer patients who are more susceptible to cancer therapies employing endostatin and other angiogenesis inhibitors, based upon the discovery that Nucleolin is a specific receptor for Endostatin. In particular, the diagnostic kits include antibody molecules against Nucleolin, DNA or RNA molecules that specifically bind to nucleic acid molecules encoding Nucleolin. The present invention also discloses methods of screening for angiogenesis inhibitors which specifically interact with Nucleolin, and act as angiogenesis inhibitors in an analogous manner as Endostatin. In addition, the present invention discloses methods of inhibiting the proliferation of endothelial cells or angiogenesis of tumor by administering an anti-nucleolin antibody linked to a cytotoxic agent such as tumor necrosis factor alpha to the endothelial cells.
An adjuvant composition, comprising a metabolizable oil and an emulsifying agent, wherein the oil and the detergent are present in the form of an oil-in-water emulsion having oil droplets substantially all of which are less than 1 micron in diameter. In preferred embodiments, the emulsifying agent is also an immunostimulating agent, such as a lipophilic muramyl peptide. Alternatively, an immunostimulating agent separate from the emulsifying agent can be used. 
The disclosure provides adjuvants, immunogenic compositions, and methods useful for vaccination and immune response. In particular, the disclosure provides a class of adjuvants comprising cationic lipid:co-lipid mixtures and methods for delivering formulated compositions.
The present disclosure relates to a method for inducing an antigen-specific immune response to an antigen in a mammal in need thereof, or potentiating an immune response, by administering to the mammal an effective amount of an isolated Ov-ASP, or at least one subunit of Ov-ASP.
The invention provides the use of an enzyme and a prodrug in the manufacture of a medicament for use in inducing an anti-tumour immune response in a human patient.
The invention provides improved agents and methods for treatment of diseases associated with amyloid deposits of Aβ in the brain of a patient. Such methods entail administering agents that induce a beneficial immunogenic response against the amyloid deposit. The methods are useful for prophylactic and therapeutic treatment of Alzheimer's disease. Preferred agents including N-terminal fragments of Aβ and antibodies binding to the same.
The present invention relates to a combination therapy method for treating gastrin-dependent tumors. The method comprises the immunization of a patient with an anti-gastrin 17 immunogenic composition in combination with the administration of chemotherapeutic agents such as 5-fluorouracil and leucovorin.
The present invention relates to fluorocarbon vectors for the delivery of influenza antigens to immunoresponsive target cells. It further relates to fluorocarbon vector-influenza antigen constructs and the use of such vectors associated with antigens as vaccines and immunotherapeutics in animals, including humans.
Stabilized forms of gp120 polypeptide, nucleic acids encoding these stabilized forms, vectors comprising these nucleic acids, and methods of using these polypeptides, nucleic acids, vectors and host cells are disclosed. Crystal structures and computer systems including atomic coordinates for stabilized forms of gp120, and gp120 with an extended V3 loop, and methods of using these structures and computer systems are also disclosed.
The invention relates to a Piroplasmid protein or an immunogenic fragment of said protein, and to a nucleic acid encoding said Piroplasmid protein or said immunogenic fragment. Furthermore, the invention relates to cDNA fragments, recombinant DNA molecules and live recombinant carriers comprising said nucleic acid. Also the invention relates to host cells comprising said cDNA fragments, recombinant DNA molecules and live recombinant carriers. Finally, the invention relates to vaccines comprising a Piroplasmid protein or an immunogenic fragment of said protein, to methods for the preparation of such vaccines, to the use of such proteins or fragments for vaccine purposes, and to diagnostic tests.
New methods and reagents for vaccination are described which generate a CD8 T cell immune response against malarial and other antigens such as viral and tumour antigens. Novel vaccination regimes are described which employ a priming composition and a boosting composition, the boosting composition comprising a non-replicating or replication-impaired pox virus vector carrying at least one CD8 T cell epitope which is also present in the priming composition.
Mosaic VLPs of viral capsid proteins from different virus types are described, as are methods of making the same. Specifically, a diploid yeast strain that coexpresses the L1 and L2 capsid proteins of both HPV-6 and HPV-16 as mosaic VLPs is described. The mosaic VLPs induced the production of conformational antibodies against both L1 proteins upon administration to mice.
The present invention provides a recombinant, attenuated infectious laryngotracheitis virus comprising the infectious laryngotracheitis viral genome which contains a deletion in the glycoprotein gG gene. This attenuated virus is useful as a vaccine against infectious laryngotracheitis virus.
The present invention also provides a recombinant, attenuated infectious laryngotracheitis virus comprising the infectious laryngotracheitis viral genome which contains a deletion in the US2 gene, UL47-like gene, ORF4 gene or glycoprotein g60 gene.
The present invention also provides a method for distinguishing chickens or other poultry vaccinated with a recombinant infectious laryngotracheitis virus which produces no glycoprotein gG from those infected with a naturally-occurring infectious laryngotracheitis virus.
The invention provides flavivirus vaccines and methods of making and using these vaccines.
It also relates to a process for the preparation of this homeopathic strain as well as a process for the preparation of a homeopathic medicinal speciality comprising said homeopathic strain.
Materials with high levels of unsaponifiable matter, such as extracts from plants, result in Hydrolysates with unique properties. It has been found that the application of a hydrolysis process to materials, particularly materials with a high level of unsaponifiables (e.g., at least 6% by total weight of the material) produces a product with properties significantly different from those products resulting from the conventional saponification of materials with less than 6% by weight of unsaponifiables. The resulting Hydrolysates from the practice of the present invention are substantive, resisting both physical and aqueous-based removal from skin and hair, exhibit a very unique surfactant property, and are not foaming agents with water. Addition of extra alkali metal hydroxides to these Hydrolysates according to the present invention may thus be used to neutralized acidic gelling agents and thereby providing a gel with enhanced the performance for cosmetics and pharmaceuticals. 
In a method of producing scale-like composite particles, a dispersion liquid is prepared to include scale-like inorganic particles coated with resin and spherical fine particles having an average particle diameter in a range from 0.1 to 3.0 μm. The scale-like inorganic particles coated with the resin and the spherical fine particles is dispersed in water, alcohol, or a mixture dispersant of the water and the alcohol. Then, the dispersion liquid is sprayed in a heated air stream for drying so that the spherical fine particles are adhered on the scale-like inorganic particles coated with resin by an electrostatic force generated by contact between the particles.
This invention generally relates to use of novel nanomaterials comprised of metals in anti-viral applications. Such nanomaterials, for example, can be produced using a high power, pulsed plasma process, which plasma process, optionally, can be performed on the metal with a precursor (i.e., a gaseous precursor, such as acetylene or methane) when forming the unagglomerated nanomaterials. In embodiments of the invention, the metal is nanosilver. Optionally, the nanomaterials may also comprise carbon, including in the form of carbyne.
An article of manufacture and a method directed to application of aromatic releasing compositions impregnated within substrates such as non-woven paper materials (e.g., wipes, paper towels) and dispensable cloth materials (e.g., gauze or a thin fabric of silk, linen, or cotton materials) for providing relief from cold, allergies, sinus and symptoms associated with respiratory disorders, the aromatic releasing compositions including the following: Menthol; Camphor; Eucalyptus oil; Cedarleaf Oil; Myristica Oil; Peppermint Oil; Lavender oil; Methyl Salicylate; Naproxen; Nutmeg Oil and Thymol; Beclometasone dipropionate; Benzethonium chloride with base solution consisting of Emollients, Emulsifiers and Moisturizer; Deionized Water; Vegetable Oil; Dicaprylyl Carbonate; Glyceryl Oleate; Polyglyceryl-2 Dipolyhydroxystearate; Cetearyl Isononanoate; Ceteareth-20; Cetearyl Alcohol; Glyceryl Stearate; Glycerin; Cetyl Palmitate; Ceteareth-12, Lauryl Glucose Carboxylate; Lauryl Glucoside; Sodium Citrate; Citric Acid; Benzethonium Chloride 0.05%; Ethylene diamine tetra acetic acid; Phenoxyethanol; Methylparaben; Propylparaben; 2-bromo-2-nitropropane-1,3-diol; and subcombinations thereof. In further embodiments, the compositions impregnated within substrate further include one or more topical actives, and are useful for providing relief from cold, allergies, sinus and symptoms associated with respiratory disorders, as well as repelling common virus and bacteria.
Composite materials with broad spectrum antimicrobial properties and methods and devices for fluid treatment utilizing said materials are provided. The antimicrobial composite materials may include combinations of activated carbon and a biguanide hydrate. A particular composition includes a mixture of carbon particles and particles of chlorhexidine hydrate, which is useful in fixed particle bed water treatment devices and methods.
An antimicrobial molding is prepared by mixing: an antimicrobial composition containing two organic antimicrobial agents selected solely from imidazole organic antimicrobial agent and an inorganic antimicrobial agent; and a curing material such as a thermoplastic resin, light-curing resin, resin cured by two-pack mixing to be formed as a sheet, film, multi-layer-structure and foamed article into a desired shape. Accordingly, a molding that contains the antimicrobial composition exhibiting significantly broad antimicrobial spectrum, negative skin irritation, high-level safety and extremely small influence on human body and environment, and efficiently achieves high antimicrobial effects can be easily obtained.
This invention is related to the field of compositions useful in the control of pests that eat cellulose, such as, termites, where said composition is compacted and where said composition comprises alpha-cellulose, water, and a pesticide.
Disclosed herein are indwelling medical devices suitable for introduction into the body of a subject, wherein the indwelling medical devices comprise one or more surfaces on which a bacterial biofilm can form, and an effective amount of a bacteriophage composition carried by one or more of the surfaces, wherein the bacteriophage composition inhibits formation of the bacterial biofilm on the indwelling medical device. Also disclosed herein are methods of inhibiting the formation of bacterial biofilms on indwelling medical devices.
Uses of BMP-1 isoforms for diagnosing and treating defects and disorders of bone and soft tissues are described. Also described is a newly isolated variant of the BMP-1 isoform BMP-1-3.
An ophthalmic device is disclosed that is a polymerization product of a monomeric mixture comprising (a) a major amount of a non-silicone-containing hydrophilic monomer; (b) a hydrophobic monomer; and (c) a crosslinking agent, wherein the ophthalmic device has an equilibrium water content of at least about 70 weight percent and further wherein the ophthalmic device has an evaporative dehydration barrier layer on the surface thereof. A method for the mitigation of evaporative corneal dehydration employing the high water content ophthalmic device is also disclosed.
The present invention concerns a method for preparing liposomes, said method comprising the following steps: (I) mixing at least one liposome-forming lipid, a water-miscible organic solvent and aqueous medium Y to form a gel or liquid containing gel particles without sonication; and thereafter (II) (a) mixing the gel or liquid containing gel particles with aqueous medium Z1 to directly form the liposomes; (b) (i) mixing the gel or liquid containing gel particles with aqueous medium Z1 to form a curd or curdy substance; and (ii) mixing the curd or curdy substance with aqueous medium Z2 to directly form the liposomes; or (c) (i) cooling the gel or liquid containing gel particles to form a waxy substance; and (ii) mixing the waxy substance with aqueous medium Z1 to directly form the liposomes; wherein aqueous media Y, Z1 and Z2 are the same or different.
The invention relates to an aerosol, in which a phase containing a solid substance is dispersed into a gaseous dispersant. The aim of the invention is to achieve a particularly effective anti-inflammatory action for the treatment of respiratory diseases. According to the invention, a depot is contained in the dispersed phase, said depot releasing silver ions when it comes into contact with water.
Nucleic acid-immunoliposome compositions useful as therapeutic agents are disclosed. These compositions preferably comprise (i) cationic liposomes, (ii) a single chain antibody fragment which binds to a transferrin receptor, and (iii) a nucleic acid encoding a wild type p53. These compositions target cells which express transferrin receptors, e.g., cancer cells. These compositions can be used therapeutically to treat persons or animals who have cancer, e.g., head and neck cancer, breast cancer or prostate cancer.
RNA interference using small interfering RNAs which target HIF-1 alpha mRNA inhibit expression of the HIF-1 alpha gene. As HIF-1 alpha is a transcriptional regulator of VEGF, expression of VEGF is also inhibited. Control of VEGF production through siRNA-mediated down-regulation of HIF-1 alpha can be used to inhibit angiogenesis, in particularly in diseases such as diabetic retinopathy, age related macular degeneration and many types of cancer.
This invention provides liposomal compositions comprising an epothilone.
A capsule formulation of pirfenidone is provided that includes pharmaceutically acceptable excipients. In one embodiment, this capsule formulation is capable of sustaining desirable pharmacokinetic responses in a patient. Further provided are methods of treating fibrotic conditions and other cytokine-mediated disorders by administering pirfenidone capsules of such formulation to a patient in need.
The present invention concerns the use of pregelatinized starch to prevent dose-dumping from a hydrophilic controlled release formulation. It also concerns a hydrophilic controlled release formulation, more in particular a hydrophilic controlled release matrix formulation, and solid dosage forms prepared therefrom, preferably for once daily oral administration. The hydrophilic controlled release formulation comprises pregelatinized starch, one or more active ingredients, one or more viscous hydrophilic polymers and optionally pharmaceutically acceptable formulating agents. Preferred hydrophilic polymers include hydroxypropyl cellulose and hydroxypropyl methylcellulose.
The invention provides methods and materials related to vaccines against self polypeptides. For example, the invention provides compositions containing chimeric IgE polypeptides and adjuvants.
A method for releasing a substance from the structure set forth comprises the steps of applying stimulation from outside to the structure, and cleaving at least one of the bonding between the connecting member and the capping member and the bonding between the connecting member and the porous member to make the substance releasable from the structure.
Saturated, monophasic solutions of drug in a solvent and propellant mixture, together with a film-forming agent, exhibit transdermal diffusion fluxes greater than those predicted by Fick's law when applied topically.
The invention relates to using substantially insoluble vegetable fibres embodied in the form of microparticles at least 90% in weight of which has a size less than 700 μm as ingredients for preparing a nutritional composition for reducing a mycotoxin bioavailability in a human being or an animal during ingestion of a food contaminated by said mycotoxins.
The present invention relates to a coated particle of amlodipine maleate and a pharmaceutical composition for cardiovascular disease (CVD) comprising the coated particle of amlodipine maleate. The pharmaceutical composition of the present invention has stable bioavailability due to sufficient dissolution rate and prevents decomposition reaction of amlodipine to thereby being formulated with formulation-stability equal to or higher than amlodipine besylate under long storage.
Provided herein are methods for preventing or alleviating the symptoms of and inflammation associated with inflammatory diseases and conditions of the gastrointestinal tract, for example, those involving the esophagus. Also provided herein are pharmaceutical compositions useful for the methods of the present invention.
Colloidosomes having tunable properties, methods for making the same, and applications thereof are described. Colloidosomes described herein are responsive to certain external stimulus to alter one or more properties of the colloidosome. Methods for making colloidosomes include forming a shell of colloidal particles on a core material where the colloidal particles and the core material have attractive interactions.
It is an object of the present invention to provide a highly safe composition comprising minoxidil and having high transparency due to the small particle size and high permeability into scalp and hair follicles. The present invention provides a protein nanoparticle which comprises minoxidil.
A formulation comprising a potentized mixture of triturated Lichen planus tissue with histamine in the ratio of about 1:2 to about 2:1 in a vehicle, where the ratio of the mixture to the vehicle, can be varied from 1:99 to 50:50.
A hard tissue repairing material includes zirconia as a base material. A surface of the base material has a hydrophilic group. The hydrophilic group is bonded to zirconium atom in the base material. The base material may contain at least an ionic component that is selected from a group consisting of calcium ion, sodium ion, potassium ion, and phosphate ions within the surface. A hard tissue repairing material may include zirconia as a base material and a layer of a main component of an apatite. The layer of the apatite may be formed on a hydrophilic group bonded to zirconium atom in the base material.
The formulation provides a method of treating headaches, neck, joint and inflammatory-type pain in a mammalian subject by administering to the subject a therapeutically effective amount of a nitrate-containing compound and a therapeutically effective amount of a selenium-containing compound. The formulation also provides kits and systems for practicing the subject methods.
A moisturizing liquid liner composition comprising a hydrophobic moiety and an emulsifier is described. Further, a substrate comprising a barrier layer and a moisturizing liquid liner composition comprising a hydrophobic moiety and an emulsifier is described. The substrate may be incorporated into an article.
The present invention also provides a product (preferably a product other than a foodstuff, pharmaceutical, or cosmetic) comprising a preservative effective amount of cinnamaldehyde or a mixture of cinnamaldehyde and one or more alkanol-dialkyl hydantoins.
Materials derived from cinnamon can be administered orally to humans or animals for the purpose of controlling blood glucose as well improving glucose tolerance. Controlling glucose metabolism is essential for those with impaired glucose metabolism as is the case for those with Type II diabetes where insulin function is not properly functioning. Such administration can also be used for the purpose of enhancing nutrient transport for purposes of athletic performance and controlling bodyweight and body fat levels. Similarly related, such administration can also be used for the purpose of enhancing creatine transport into excitable tissues such as skeletal muscle. The material can be administered as extracts of cinnamon and can be administered in a variety of ways including capsules, tablets, powdered beverages, bars, gels or drinks.
An extract of the grape plant obtained from grape plant cane is a powerful anti-oxidant, and offers a unique combination of beneficial organic chemicals, including trans-resveratrol, trans-viniferin, and oligostiibines. The grape plant cane product is produced essentially exclusively from grape plant cane, which is often discarded by vintners. Methods of making this product include solvent extraction from the grape plant cane, followed by vacuum drying without overheating the product. The grape plant cane extract may be used as an anti-fungal, antibiotic, antiseptic, preservative, as a topical application to improve moisture retention of human skin, and to extend the shipping and shelf life of produce, among other uses. A method for using the grape plant cane extract as a food supplement involves daily human ingestion of desired amounts of a food-grade grape plant cane product.
An apparatus comprises an operating device and a die suitable for interacting to form containers from a sheet material, a cutting device for separating said containers from said sheet material, said cutting means being so shaped as to be removably connectable to said operating device.
A tablet press with a rotor, which is rotatably mounted in a stand of the tablet press and which has an upper punch accommodation for the upper punches and a lower punch accommodation for the lower punches of the tablet press, as well as a die plate with a series of die bores which are aligned with the upper and the lower punches, wherein the die plate consists of at least two ring segments which can be attached on the rotor by means of a fastening device, wherein clamping elements are arranged in axis parallel passages of the rotor spaced apart in the perimeter distance, which act against the ring segments from the bottom side and clamp against an abutment surface of the rotor, characterised in that at least one drive device for the clamping elements is arranged in the stand of the tablet press, with a coupling element adjustable in the height, which can be selectively set into engagement with the lower end of the clamping element.
A method of manufacturing a reinforcing cloth of a sheet pad includes: fixing a sheet on a mold having an outer shape substantially identical to a shape of the reinforcing cloth and provided with a plurality of air holes interconnecting an internal space with an outer surface; forming a closed space between the mold and a cover member by covering the sheet fixed on the mold with the cover member; heating the sheet; shaping the heated sheet into a shape following the outer shape of the mold by exhausting air from the closed space through the air holes; and demolding the sheet from the mold after removing the cover member.
A molding apparatus includes a first mold half, first mold core received in the first mold half, a second mold half including a receiving cavity defined therein, a second mold core, a spacer and a bolt. The second mold half is positioned opposite to the first mold half. A first through hole is defined in the second mold half and in communication with the receiving cavity. The second mold core is received in the receiving cavity. The second mold core defines a threaded hole in a peripheral surface thereof aligned with the first through hole. The spacer is configured for being positioned between the second mold core and the second mold half. The spacer defines a second through hole therein. The bolt passes through the first through hole and is screwed in the threaded hole for securing the second mold core to the second mold half.
A flexible plate system for a hot runner assembly includes a backing plate; a manifold plate detachably connected to the backing plate; a manifold positioned between the backing plate and the manifold plate and having at least one nozzle associated therewith; and wherein the manifold plate has at least one plate slot that allows the nozzle to extend through the manifold plate and having at least a first lateral dimension substantially larger than the outside diameter of the nozzle. The manifold plate and the backing plate may be configured to have at least one manifold plate cavity and at least one backing plate cavity to accept at least one nozzle insert and at least one piston cylinder insert respectively, the nozzle insert having a nozzle bore or a plurality of insert slots therethrough for installation of the nozzle, and the piston cylinder insert having a cylinder bore for a piston cylinder.
A flexible plate system for a hot runner assembly includes a backing plate; a manifold plate detachably connected to the backing plate; a manifold positioned between the backing plate and the manifold plate and having at least one nozzle associated therewith; and wherein the manifold plate has at least one plate slot that allows the nozzle to extend through the manifold plate and having at least a first lateral dimension substantially larger than the outside diameter of the nozzle.
A hot runner system having a melt distribution system that is reusable and reconfigurable to vary drop or nozzle locations to meet various design requirements. The melt distribution system includes a melt distributor in fluid communication with a melt source, at least one melt conduit in fluid communication with the melt distributor, and at least one nozzle in fluid communication with the at least one melt conduit. The hot runner system also includes a backing plate; a manifold plate detachably connected to the backing plate; a melt distribution system positioned between the backing plate and the manifold plate and having at least one nozzle associated therewith. The hot runner system may be configured and reconfigured to accommodate various drop or nozzle locations.
A mold assembly for manufacturing the blades of a fan and the method for manufacturing the same are provided. The mold assembly comprises a lower blade mold, a modulating mold block and a positioning device, wherein the positioning device sustains between the lower blade mold and the modulating mold block to prevent the relative movement thereof. The modulating mold block is received in a central receiving space of the lower blade mold, and comprises at least one recess and at least one modulating element, wherein the at least one modulating element is correspondingly received in the recess to modulate the blades of the fan into optimal kinetic equilibrium after being formed.
The present invention relates to a method of increasing the physical activity of a cat, the method comprising feeding said cat a dry cat food with added water. The dry food may be in the form of kibbles.
In accordance with the present invention, a nutritional composition, a method for enhancing the immune system development in an infant, and a method for reducing allergic inflammatory responses in an infant are provided. The nutritional composition comprises a protein source, a fat source, a carbohydrate source, rumenic acid, DHA, and at least one ganglioside. Both methods comprise administering to the infant a combination of rumenic acid, DHA, and at least one ganglioside.
Feed compositions comprising modified starches and an animal feed ingredient are disclosed, as well as methods of feeding such compositions to animals.
The present invention provides a method for preparing emulsified bran derivatives and emulsified bran fractions which can be used in the preparation of nutritionally-enriched food and beverage products.
Disclosed is a process for recovering volatile aroma compounds from a tea material. The process comprises the steps of: generating aroma-laden vapours at a pressure of from 0.5 to 1.4 bar absolute from the tea material contacted with water or water vapours, and then condensing the aroma-laden vapours to recover aroma condensate. The process is controlled such that the mass of aroma condensate generated per unit dry mass of tea material is greater than 2 and the aroma-laden vapours comprise no more than 1% by weight entrained liquid.
A method for the reduction of acrylamide in food products, food products having reduced levels of acrylamide, and an article of commerce. In one aspect, the method comprises reducing the level of asparagine in a food material before final heating (e.g., cooking). In another aspect, the method comprises adding to a food material an enzyme capable of hydrolyzing the amide group of free asparagine. In yet another aspect, an article of commerce communicates to the consumer that a food product has reduced or low levels of acrylamide or asparagine.
Provided is a packaged effervescent beverage having a high concentration of catechins, having both reduced bitterness and adequate sweetness, and not undergoing a substantial reduction in the catechin content even after long storage albeit containing a sweetener.
A method for making a coated food product having a heat susceptible coating is disclosed. In one aspect, the invention is directed towards a nut having a proteinaceous or fruit-based coating with no visible scorching in the outer, visible coating layer. In one aspect, the food center is par-coated with or without a heat susceptible coating, pre-roasted, finished coated with or without a heat susceptible coating, and cooked. In another aspect, the food center is first coated with a heat susceptible coating, then coated with a non-heat susceptible coating and cooked. In yet another aspect, the food center is coated with a heat susceptible coating and then cooked in a two-stage process whereby the first stage is at a hotter temperature than the second stage.
A method for encouraging the development of new flavors, wherein the method includes the steps of providing a plurality of sets of comestible pieces available for combination experimentation, providing a plurality of predetermined flavor combination suggestions, and encouraging experimental combination of comestibles from different sets. Preferably, each set is characterized by a unique flavor and the flavor of each piece is provided by a predetermined amount of flavoring contained therein. Also preferably, the predetermined amount of flavoring contained in each piece is standardized relative to flavor intensity. Optionally, rewards are given for the development or identification of successful flavor combinations.
The invention relates to uncooked dry or semi-dry sausage products in tubular casings that are based on an optionally-coated textile material. The tubular casing has a longitudinal seam with a sealing strip. On the sealing strip is located a discontinuous layer of a sealing polymer. The sealing strip is bonded to the casing essentially at sealing points defined by the discontinuous layer. The invention further relates to a process for producing the uncooked dry or semi-dry sausage product.
The present invention is a holder for a confectionary product. The holder has two sections that enclose the confectionary product when in the closed position. The holder may be opened by sliding the two sections apart and then pivoting one of the sections relative to the other one hundred and eighty degrees to intermesh and thereby form a handle for holding the confectionary product during consumption by a user.
A tiered shrimp food tray including a sheet of material forming a base tray having an outer ridge, a support ridge formed concentric to and in spaced relation to the outer ridge. An inner ridge and a base surface cooperatively define a central well which supports a condiment cup. A ring of shrimp is arranged on the support ridge of the base tray. A connector plate interconnects the base tray with an upper tray. The upper tray includes an outer ridge and a support ridge spaced from one another. A second condiment cup is disposed within a well of the upper tray. A ring of shrimp is arranged on the support ridge of the upper tray.
This invention is related to a method of manufacturing a tea drink, which comprises the steps of subjecting tea leaves to extraction to obtain an tea extract and adjusting the pH of the tea extract to the range of 5.0-6.0, mixing nitrogen into the tea extract while applying a negative pressure of 0.01 MPa or more, stabilizing the tea extract in succession to the step of applying a negative pressure by maintaining the tea extract under a pressure of not higher than atmospheric pressure for a period of 30 seconds to 20 minutes, and adjusting the pH of the tea extract to the range of 5.5-6.5 during or subsequent to the step of stabilizing the tea extract.
Food products fortified by purified PQQ and methods of application and production are disclosed. A method of preserving a food product comprising admixing an effective amount of purified PQQ or a compound containing purified PQQ derivatives with a foodstuff to provide an inhibiting means to microorganism growth in the food product.
A wort copper and a method of boiling wort, with the wort copper having an external boiler arranged outside of the wort copper, which cyclically heats wort from the wort copper, wherein the heated wort is re-supplied to the wort copper, and comprises an infeed tube and a rising pipe, through which wort heated by the external boiler rises upwards in the wort copper, as well as at least one intake opening is provided in the rising line for sucking in wort from a wort reservoir of the wort copper, wherein the cross-sectional surface of the rising pipe enlarges at least section-wise towards the upper end of the rising pipe.
A food cooking surface for a cooking appliance, a method of producing that surface and a method of cooking food with a cooking appliance having that food cooking surface. The food cooking surface is made of a metal alloy of zirconium and of at least another metal, the zirconium content is not less than 75 wt %. In accordance with one embodiment of the invention, the alloy contains less than 10 wt % of elements added to zirconium.
A food seasoning composition created with mixed ingredients comprising grated parmesan cheese, basil leaves, oregano leaves, black pepper, granulated garlic, table salt, and sugar, in specific quantities.
The invention provides a surface active ingredient composition, which includes a base liquid including water which has dispersed therein in percentages by volume:
A method for forming a thin film by discharging a liquid including a material for forming the thin film, the material being dissolved or dispersed in a solvent, from a plurality of nozzles so as to dispose the liquid into a plurality of predetermined areas included in an effective area set on a substrate to form the thin film while the plurality of nozzles and the substrate are relatively scanned, includes: (a) forming a plurality of reception parts surrounded by a plurality of partitions and bottoms of the predetermined areas, the partitions being provided around the predetermined areas; and (b) forming a plurality of thin films by disposing the liquid from the nozzles into the reception parts. In step (a), a plan view area of at least one of the reception parts in a peripheral area of the effective area is made smaller than a plan view area of the reception part in a central area of the effective area.
A strip coating system includes a first pulley carrying a flexible metal or Al substrate wound up on the first pulley. A second, take-up, pulley is provided for taking up the coated substrate. The coating process is a continuous coating process, during which the first pulley and the second pulley are rotated to move the substrate continuously past a coating tool for depositing coating particles on a surface of the substrate. After having passed the coating section with a speed v, the substrate carrying a coating layer on the surface thereof passes an infrared spectroscopic measurement device for measuring the layer thickness of the coating layer. Feedback controls are provided to control one or more process parameters of the coating tool responsive to the measurement of the thickness of the coating layer detected by the measurement tool. Thus, an in situ online measurement of the thickness of the coating layer may be implemented.
A surface treatment process for a circuit board is provided. The circuit board includes a substrate, a first circuit layer disposed on an upper surface of the substrate, and a second circuit layer disposed on a lower surface of the substrate. The first circuit layer is electrically connected to the second circuit layer. In the surface treatment process for the circuit board, a first oxidation protection layer and a second oxidation protection layer are respectively formed on a portion of the first circuit layer and a portion of the second circuit layer by immersion. Afterwards, the first circuit layer exposed by the first oxidation protection layer is subjected to black oxidation to form a black oxide layer. The thickness of the first oxidation protection layer is thinner than or equal to the thickness of the black oxide layer.
The present invention is a process of making a germanium-antimony-tellurium alloy film using a process selected from the group consisting of atomic layer deposition and chemical vapor deposition, wherein a silylantimony precursor is used as a source of antimony for the alloy film. Novel silylantimony compounds are also disclosed.
[Object] To provide a manufacturing method that can easily enhance a reversed domain nucleation magnetic field of a magnetic recording layer in a perpendicular magnetic recording medium having, over a substrate, a soft magnetic layer, the magnetic recording layer having a granular structure, and a continuous layer having a high perpendicular magnetic anisotropy.
[Solution] A perpendicular magnetic recording medium manufacturing method according to this invention is characterized by including a soft magnetic layer forming step of forming a soft magnetic layer over a substrate, a magnetic recording layer forming step of forming a magnetic recording layer having a granular structure as an upper layer of the soft magnetic layer, a continuous layer forming step of forming a continuous layer having a perpendicular magnetic anisotropy as an upper layer or a lower layer of the magnetic recording layer, and a heating step of heating a medium, obtained by forming the continuous layer in the continuous layer forming step, for improving a value of a reversed domain nucleation magnetic field.
In a method for manufacturing a magnetic recording medium, a plurality of vacuum film-formation devices formed separately and operated independently is prepared. The plurality of vacuum film-formation devices is connected by a connecting device provided with a disk transport system.
An uncured laser-engraveable composition can be applied in liquid form, as one or more portions to either: a) a laser-engraveable layer of a laser-engraveable flexographic printing precursor (plate or sleeve), or b) a printing surface of a laser-engraved flexographic printing plate or laser-engraved flexographic printing sleeve. The applied laser-engraveable composition portions can become (for example, by curing) integral parts of the laser-engraveable surface or printing surface so that the applied composition portions can be partially or entirely laser-engraved if desired. This method can be used to provide seamless flexographic sleeves. In addition, it can be used to correct or repair defects, to overwrite an image, or to provide a new laser-engraveable surface in a flexographic printing plate or printing sleeve.
A method for continuously coating the inside of a continuously extruded hollow profiled bar made of elastic material and a liquid wiper and a device for removing excess coating agent from the chambers of a hollow profiled member. A hollow profiled bar is directed through a stationary supply of a liquid coating agent on a bent, arc-shaped track, whereby inner walls of the hollow profiled bar are moistened with coating agent, and the hollow profiled bar is guided along a rising track directly after running through the coating agent supply. Excess coating agent is wiped off one or plural inner walls with the aid of liquid wipers mounted inside the hollow chambers, the hollow profiled bar being continuously moved relative to the liquid wipers. The liquid wipers include at least one magnet or magnetizable material and a wiping lip that touches the inner walls while being located downstream of the coating agent supply in a zone of a sloped track of the hollow profiled bar. The liquid wipers are retained in a steady position within the track of the hollow profiled bar with the aid of counter magnet or magnetizable materials that are fixed next to the outer surface of the continuous hollow profiled bar.
Prior to wafer processing, pressure ratio control is executed on a divided flow rate adjustment means so as to adjust the flow rates of divided flows to achieve a target pressure ratio with regard to the pressures in the individual branch passages. As the processing gas from a processing gas supply means is diverted into first and second branch pipings under the pressure ratio control and the pressures in the branch passages then stabilize, the control on the divided flow rate adjustment means is switched to steady pressure control for adjusting the flow rates of the divided flows so as to hold the pressure in the first branch passage at the level achieved in the stable pressure condition. Only after the control is switched to the steady pressure control, an additional gas is delivered into the second branch passage via an additional gas supply means.
A film-deposition apparatus and a film-deposition method for forming a manganese film on a surface of an object to be processed by a CVD method are provided. The film-deposition apparatus for forming a manganese film on a surface of an object to be processed by a CVD method (Chemical Vapor Deposition method), the film-deposition apparatus comprises: a process vessel capable of being evacuated; a table on which the object to be processed can be placed, the table being disposed in the process vessel; and a source-gas supply part connected to the process vessel, the source-gas supply part being configured to supply, into the process vessel, a source gas including an organic metal material containing manganese or a metal complex material containing manganese. The film-deposition method for forming a manganese film on a surface of an object to be processed by a CVD method (Chemical Vapor Deposition method), the film-deposition method comprises the steps of: placing an object to be processed in an inside of a process vessel capable of being evacuated; and forming a manganese film on a surface of the object to be processed in the process vessel by the CVD method with the use of a source gas including an organic metal material containing manganese or a metal complex material containing manganese.
A method of deposition by: depositing a metal halide on a substrate; providing a vapor that forms a material by way of chemical vapor deposition; heating the metal halide to a temperature at or above the melting point of the metal halide and at or below the melting point of the material; and contacting the metal halide with the vapor to cause growth on the substrate of a solid solution of the metal halide in the material. The metal is a rare earth metal or a transition metal.
A substrate processing method includes a first step of subjecting a target substrate to a gas process within an atmosphere containing a fluorine-containing process gas, thereby forming a fluorine-containing reaction product on a surface of the target substrate. The method further includes a second step of subjecting the target substrate treated by the gas process to a heating process and a gas process within an atmosphere containing a reactive gas that reacts with fluorine.
A liquid body discharge device includes: a plurality of nozzles for discharging a liquid body to a liquid body discharged region of a substrate; and a plurality of heads including the plurality of nozzles. In the device, the liquid body is discharged to the liquid body discharged region of the substrate by moving one of the substrate and the plurality of heads. Further, an alignment direction of the plurality of nozzles provided to at least one of the plurality of heads is different from an alignment direction of the plurality of nozzles provided to a rest of the plurality of heads. Furthermore, the at least one of the heads moves in a moving path A and the rest of the plurality of heads moves in a moving path B that is a different moving path from the moving path A.
Methods of making an edge-sealed, encapsulated environmentally sensitive device. One method includes providing an environmentally sensitive device with a contact on a substrate; depositing a decoupling layer adjacent to the environmentally sensitive device, the decoupling layer having a discrete area and covering the environmentally sensitive device and not covering the contact, the decoupling layer deposited using a printing process; depositing a first barrier layer adjacent to the decoupling layer, the first barrier layer having a first area greater than the discrete area of the decoupling layer, and the first barrier layer having a second area covering the decoupling layer and the contact, the decoupling layer being sealed between the edges of the first barrier layer and the substrate or an optional second barrier layer; and removing the second area of the first barrier layer from the contact.
A method for forming a decorative member includes applying a resilient layer onto a basic layer, applying a printing layer onto the resilient layer, applying another resilient layer onto the printing layer for forming a layered element, forming the layered element into a three-dimensional element, shaping the three-dimensional element into a prototype, and applying a protective layer onto the prototype for covering and shielding and protecting the prototype. The layered element may be disposed in a mold device for heating and vacuumming the layered element, or may be disposed between two mold pieces of a mold device for being formed into the three-dimensional element with the mold pieces of the mold device.
Wood and wood products are rendered water repellant by treating the wood or wood product with a combination of compounds containing at least three amino groups at least one being a primary amino group, and a low surface tension β-ketocarbonyl-functional siloxane polymer.
A method and apparatus for manufacturing composite components. A tool is present for use in manufacturing composite components. The tool comprises an encapsulation layer having a shape, an insulation layer on the encapsulation layer, and an isolation layer on the insulation layer. The isolation layer has an outer surface capable of contacting a composite material laid up on the outer surface. The insulation layer is capable of insulating the encapsulation layer from heat applied to the composite material. The encapsulation layer is capable of maintaining a shape with the composite material laid up on the isolation layer during a curing process to form a composite component from the composite material.
Preferably, the spatial length scale of the refractive index gradient in the single layer hard-coat is between 10 and 1000 nm; in particular between 100 and 200 nm.
Also concerned is a process for preparing a single layer hard-coat, comprising the steps of
An article comprising a turbine component other than an airfoil having a metal substrate and a ceramic corrosion resistant coating overlaying the metal substrate. This coating has a thickness up to about 5 mils (127 microns) and comprises a ceramic metal oxide selected from the group consisting of zirconia, hafnia and mixtures thereof. This coating can be formed by a method comprising the following steps: (a) providing a turbine component other than an airfoil comprising the metal substrate; (b) providing a gel-forming solution comprising a ceramic metal oxide precursor; (c) heating the gel-forming solution to a first preselected temperature for a first preselected time to form a gel; (d) depositing the gel on the metal substrate; and (e) firing the gel at a second preselected temperature above the first preselected temperature to form the ceramic corrosion resistant coating comprising the ceramic metal oxide. This coating can also be formed by alternative methods wherein a ceramic composition comprising the ceramic metal oxide is deposited by physical vapor deposition on the metal substrate to provide a strain-tolerant columnar structure, or is thermal sprayed on the metal substrate.
ZMR apparatuses provide for controlled temperature flow through the system to reduce energy consumption while providing for desired crystal growth properties. The apparatus can include a cooling system to specifically remove a desired amount of heat from a melted film to facilitate crystallization. Furthermore, the apparatus can have heated walls to create a background temperature within the chamber that reduces energy use through the reduction or elimination of cooling for the chamber walls. The apparatuses and corresponding methods can be used with inorganic films directly or indirectly associated with a porous release layer that provides thermal insulation with respect to an underlying substrate. If the recrystallized film is removed from the substrate, the substrates can be reused. The methods can be used for large area silicon films with thicknesses from 2 microns to 100 microns, which are suitable for photovoltaic applications as well as electronics applications.
An aerosol generator includes a generator vessel in which a powder of material particles is accommodated, a jetting port which jets a gas, in a direction having a component in a circumferential direction with a substantial center of an inner circumference of the generator vessel as a center of a circle, into the powder of the material particles which are accommodated and accumulated in the generator vessel, a first gas supply mechanism which supplies a gas to the jetting port; and a controller which controls the first gas supply mechanism to adjust supply amount of the gas to the jetting port.
A film forming apparatus is provided which includes a device A that generates liquid fine particles having controlled particle diameters; a device B including a via for guiding the generated liquid fine particles while controlling a temperature thereof; a device C that sprays the guided liquid fine particles; and a device D including a space for forming a transparent conductive film by coating the sprayed liquid fine particles onto a subject to be processed.
One embodiment of the invention includes a first fuel cell component comprising a first face, a first hydrophilic coating overlying at least a first portion of the first face, and a second less hydrophilic coating overlying at least a second portion of the first face.
The present invention provides a combustion-based method and apparatus for producing and isolating carbon nanotubes. The nanotubes are formed when hot combustion gases are contacted with a catalytic surface, which is readily separated from the catalyst support and subsequently dissolved. The process is suitable for large-scale manufacture of carbon nanotubes.
An article comprising a turbine component other than an airfoil having a metal substrate and a ceramic corrosion resistant coating overlaying the metal substrate. This coating has a thickness up to about 5 mils (127 microns) and comprises a ceramic metal oxide selected from the group consisting of zirconia, hafnia and mixtures thereof. This coating can be formed by a method comprising the following steps: (a) providing a turbine component other than an airfoil comprising the metal substrate; (b) providing a gel-forming solution comprising a ceramic metal oxide precursor; (c) heating the gel-forming solution to a first preselected temperature for a first preselected time to form a gel; (d) depositing the gel on the metal substrate; and (e) firing the gel at a second preselected temperature above the first preselected temperature to form the ceramic corrosion resistant coating comprising the ceramic metal oxide. This coating can also be formed by alternative methods wherein a ceramic composition comprising the ceramic metal oxide is deposited by physical vapor deposition on the metal substrate to provide a strain-tolerant columnar structure, or is thermal sprayed on the metal substrate.
This invention relates to a primer composition for wood comprising a waterborne composition comprising polyamine and having a pH of at least 11.5 and a method of improving the bonding of wood with coatings such as electrostatic coatings, and adhesives using the primer.
The invention is a method for forming a thin layer of particulate on a substrate by applying a layer of a composition comprising the particulate and a dispersing agent on the substrate, treating the layer with charged gas to remove the dispersing agent from the layer; and induction heating to form operative connection of the particulate.
The invention is a method for forming a thin layer of particulate on a substrate by applying a layer of a composition comprising the particulate and a dispersing agent on the substrate, treating the layer with charged gas to remove the dispersing agent from the layer; and induction heating to form operative connection of the particulate.
A membrane includes a base membrane; and an electron beam functionalized coating, the coating comprising a polyvinyl alcohol, a polyvinyl alcohol-polyvinyl amine copolymer, a polyvinyl amine, and derivatives thereof functionalized with an electron beam reactive group adapted to form a radical under high energy irradiation. Also disclosed are processes for forming the membrane.
Method for generation of metal surface structures and apparatus therefor Disclosed is a method for generating conductive surface patterns on a substrate by coating the substrate with metal particles and heating the coated substrate by means of microwave radiation. The process is easy to implement and can be used to generate metal pattern lit low cost.
Provided is a strip crossbow reduction and vibration reduction method (strip stabilization method) including of controlling an exciting current to an electromagnet based on a distance to a strip being conveyed, the first distance being detected by a displacement sensor, and performing crossbow reduction and vibration reduction on the strip by means of an electromagnetic force of the electromagnet. The method is characterized in that the exciting current applied to the electromagnet is controlled based on the distance and a target position corresponding to the distance, and that the exciting current is applied to the electromagnet when the strip is present within detectable range of the displacement sensor whereas the exciting current is not applied to the electromagnet when the strip is not present within the detectable range of the displacement sensor.
A liquid crystal-containing composition includes a microcapsule. In the microcapsule, a liquid crystal is encapsulated by a shell material component containing polyurea. Monomer components included in the polyurea include a polyisocyanate component, a high molecular weight polyamine component and a low molecular weight polyamine component.
An optical film has a film a formed of a cyclic olefin resin, and a homeotropically orientated optical anisotropic layer b disposed on the film a. This optical film preferably satisfies the below listed formulae (1) to (3).
When the optical film is used in an ISP mode liquid crystal display device, light leakage and color fading (discoloration) during black display are prevented stably for a long term, and a good viewing angle compensation effect is obtained (i.e., high contrast ratio at all angles).
Enclosed herein is a design and method for creating a durable, compact, collapsible information sheet. This is accomplished by creating a collapsible information sheet comprised of a single elongated loop of a thin strip of spring-like material covered by one or more sheets of flexible covering material. The flexible covering material is comprised of one or more thin layers of fabric, or a synthetic high-density polyethylene fiber, or an alternate material that is durable, light, flexible, preprinted or suitable for printing. The information sheet shape is largely rectangular with slightly rounded corners. The information sheet size is determined by the loop dimension of the spring-like material and the printable covering material encasing the loop created by the spring-like material. The single elongated fabric-covered loop of the information sheet is easily twisted and folded into a compact configuration consisting of a series of smaller concentric loops and covering material layers. The collapsible information sheet may additionally comprise a means for maintaining the compact configuration for storage, such as Velcro closures, snaps or other means later described or obvious to those skilled in the art. When closed, the information sheet is easily opened by twisting the elongated fabric-covered loop of the information sheet. The collapsible information sheet may also comprise one or more removable or fixed accessories such as, but not limited to, a compass or a light to further increase the utility of the information sheet. The collapsible information sheet may also comprise one or more smaller collapsible information sheets that may be temporarily affixed to the perimeter of the larger information sheet.
A heat-sensitive transfer image-receiving sheet having at least one heat insulation layer and at least one receptor layer on a support, the heat insulation layer containing at least one hollow polymer, and the receptor layer containing at least one latex polymer having the glass transition temperature (Tg) of 20° C. to 60° C. and at least one polymer compound having an aliphatic group substituted with a fluorine atom at its side chain.
A heat-sensitive transfer image-receiving sheet, comprising a support, and at least one heat insulation layer containing hollow polymer particles and at least one receptor layer provided for the support in this order, wherein the receptor layer contains a latex polymer having a glass transition temperature (Tg) of lower than 50° C. and a latex polymer having a glass transition temperature (Tg) of 50° C. or higher, the latex polymer having a glass transition temperature (Tg) of lower than 50° C. is contained in an amount, as solid content, larger than that of the latex polymer having a glass transition temperature (Tg) of 50° C. or higher, and the latex polymer having a glass transition temperature (Tg) of lower than 50° C. is a latex polymer having the recurring unit obtained from vinyl chloride monomer in an amount of 50 mol % or more.
A heat-sensitive transfer image-receiving sheet, having a support, and at least two heat insulation layers and at least one receiving layer sequentially formed thereon, wherein each of the heat insulation layers comprises at least one kind of hollow particles and at least one kind of water-soluble polymer, and wherein the following relationship is satisfied:
wherein a1 is a mass of a hollow particle solid content in the heat insulation layer farthest from the support, a2 is mass of a water-soluble polymer solid content in the heat insulation layer farthest from the support, b1 is a mass of a hollow particle solid content in the heat insulation layer closest to the support, and b2 is a mass of a water-soluble polymer solid content in the heat insulation layer closest to the support.
An exemplary hollow stylus-shaped structure is disclosed, including a hollow column spacer formed over a base layer and a hollow cone spacer stacked over the hollow column spacer, wherein the hollow cone spacer, the hollow column spacer, and the base layer form a space, and sidewalls of the hollow cone spacer and the hollow column spacer are made of silicon-containing organic or inorganic materials.
The polyamide based resin laminated film roll of the present invention has physical properties such as boiling water shrinkage percentage, surface roughness, refractive index in the thickness direction, etc., adjusted to achieve a predetermined range of degree of variability, when the polyamide based resin laminated film has a first sample cutout portion set up within 2 m from the winding end of film and final cutout portion within 2 m from the winding start of film, and at the same time, has a sample cutout portion set up at approximately every 100 m from the first sample cutout portion.
A preform for obtaining a container comprises a hollow body having a side wall extending around a longitudinal axis and an end wall arranged transversely to the longitudinal axis, a point of the end wall having a value of specific residual melting enthalpy; there is at least one point of the side wall having a further value of specific residual melting enthalpy that is greater than the value. A container comprises a containing body having a first end zone closed by a base wall and a second end zone suitable for engaging a closing element; there is at least one point of the base wall having a value of specific residual melting enthalpy that is significantly less than the specific residual melting enthalpy of the points of the containing body distinct from the second end zone.
In at least one embodiment of the present invention, an apparatus is provided including a a sticker for adhering to a vehicle surface. The sticker may include an automotive clear coat, a paint, a base or substrate, and an adhesive. The automotive clear coat lies on top of the paint, the paint lies on top of the base, and the base lies on top of the adhesive. The sticker can be adhered to the vehicle surface by use of the adhesive.
The invention relates to an adhesive joint, for fixing a metallic fixing to a disc, wherein the fixing and the disc are glued by means of a (meth)acrylate adhesive completely enclosed by a silicone sealant.
Method, system, and apparatus for use in enabling users to quickly change surface modifying articles and for supporting the surface modifying articles during a surface modification operation.
The present invention is to provide a printed circuit board (PCB) supporting woven fabric and a PCB having the same. The PCB includes a supporting woven fabric, a filling resin body enveloping the supporting woven fabric and at least one signal trace arranged on the surface of the filling resin body. The supporting woven fabric is made by a number of warp fiberglass strands and weft fiberglass strands interlaced mutually, wherein each of the warp fiberglass strands initially crosses above one weft fiberglass strand to separately form a bump upwardly and passes through under the next at least two weft fiberglass strands. The invention aims to decrease the number of the bumps bulged thereof to make the PCB improved in effectiveness and speed of signal transmission.
A honeycomb structure includes a plurality of honeycomb fired bodies and an adhesive layer. The plurality of honeycomb fired body has a longitudinal direction and a plurality of cell walls extending along the longitudinal direction to define a plurality of cells. The adhesive layer is provided between the plurality of honeycomb fired bodies to connect the honeycomb fired bodies. Pore diameters of pores in the adhesive layer are about 300 μm or less. A ratio of a total area of pores having a pore diameter of at least about 50 μm and at most about 300 μm and an aspect ratio of at least about 1 and at most about 1.5 in a cross-section perpendicular to the longitudinal direction to a total area of pores having a pore diameter of at least about 50 μm and at most about 300 μm is about 90% or more.
A methodology for adhesively attaching a barrier sheet to a motor vehicle inside door panel. A plurality of adhesive beds are disposed on the attachment face of a barrier sheet, whereby pressure applied to the barrier sheet causes the adhesive beads to wet-out with respect to the door inside panel and mergingly wet-out with respect to each other so as to thereby form an adhesive band. Visual inspection of the continuity of the merged wet-out through the barrier sheet provides installer feedback regarding installation integrity.
A high density polyethylene panel suitable for use in a backboard training device.
A positive photosensitive polymer composition of the invention contains: a copolymer obtained by the radical polymerization of monomers including a radical polymerizable monomer (a1) having a (meth)acryloyl group and a polyalkylene glycol group a terminal of which is an alkoxy group; and a 1,2-quinone diazide compound. The positive photosensitive polymer composition may further contain a copolymer obtained by the radical polymerization of monomers not including the monomer (a1).
A circuit subassembly, comprising: a conductive layer, a dielectric layer formed from a thermosetting composition, wherein the thermosetting composition comprises, based on the total weight of the thermosetting composition a polybutadiene or polyisoprene resin, about 30 to about 70 percent by weight of a magnesium hydroxide having less than about 1000 ppm of ionic contaminants, and about 5 to about 15 percent by weight of a nitrogen-containing compound, wherein the nitrogen-containing compound comprises at least about 15 weight percent of nitrogen; and an adhesive layer disposed between and in intimate contact with the conductive layer and the dielectric layer, wherein the adhesive comprises a poly(arylene ether), wherein the circuit subassembly has a UL-94 rating of at least V-1.
A biaxially oriented film that comprises polypropylene and either polytrimethylene terephthalate or polymethylpentene as a cavitating agent in an amount from 5 wt % to 25 wt %. The film has a haze of from 90% to 100% and a gloss of from 10 to 150. The film may be used in food packaging applications and in industrial applications.
A paint roller assembly and method of assembling the paint roller assembly is disclosed. The paint roller assembly comprises a core layer, a first reinforcement layer, a second reinforcement layer, a fabric cover, and adhesive for joining the layers and fabric cover together. The method of assembling the paint roller assembly includes the steps of helically winding a core material around a mandrel, applying adhesive to an exposed portion of the core material, helically winding a first reinforcement layer around the core material, applying the adhesive to an exposed portion of the first reinforcement layer, helically winding a second reinforcement layer around the first reinforcement layer, applying the adhesive to an exposed portion of the second reinforcement layer, and helically winding a fabric cover over the second reinforcement layer.
An optical article includes a plastic substrate and, formed on a surface thereof, a primer layer and a hard coat layer, wherein the primer layer is formed from a coating composition containing the following components (A) to (C): (A) a polyurethane resin; (B) metal oxide fine particles; and (C) an organosilicon compound, and the hard coat layer is formed from a coating composition containing the following component (D): (D) metal oxide fine particles which do not contain titanium oxide.
An environment-friendly card is disclosed in the invention, characterized in that a card of a predetermined thickness is fabricated from using a predetermined proportion of polylactic acid-containing composite materials; the card may be applied for multiple purposes due to the flexibility, physical property, and mechanical property of the decomposable composite materials, and may replace petrochemistry polymers that are used to make conventional cards. The decomposable composite materials may decompose naturally or be burned in an incinerator and only gives off water and carbon dioxide after disposal, and is non-polluting because the composite materials may be recycled. As a result, the card may alleviate the problem of environmental pollution and thus is environment-friendly.
A machine for producing a nonwoven feeds continuous filaments onto two surfaces that form a convergent passage. At least one of the surfaces is moving to drive the continuous filaments through the passage to form the nonwoven web. The continuous filaments have filament portions that are respectively received on the two surfaces to form spaced lateral web parts joined by a central web part formed by the continuous filament portions bridging the convergent passage. A vacuum is applied through the surfaces to assist placement of the filament portions and to direct the web as it emerges from the passage onto a horizontal take-up conveyor.
The invention relates to adhesive articles provided with an elongated core which comprises a fibrous web and with a sheath comprising an adhesive composition, which are particularly suitable for bonding or stiffening a variety of substrates.
Method of making a oleophobic layer on a fluoropolymer (e.g., polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE)). The oleophobic layer includes a fluoroalkyl acrylate copolymer. The fluoropolymer may be an expanded PTFE formed into a porous membrane. The oleophobicity may be sufficient to repel #8 oil (n-heptane) in accordance with AATCC Test Method 118. There are also coated articles including fluoropolymers and oleophobic layers made from fluoroalkyl acrylate copolymers.
The present invention provides a membrane useful for water purification comprising a porous base membrane and a hydrophilic coating disposed on the porous base membrane. The hydrophilic coating comprises structural units derived from a hydrophilic polymer and structural units derived from a first electron beam reactive group, and structural units derived from a second electron beam reactive group. The hydrophilic polymer has a number average molecular weight of greater than 2500 Daltons and comprises at least two electron beam reactive groups having different structures. The hydrophilic coating is covalently bound to the porous base membrane through structural units derived from the electron beam reactive groups. Also disclosed are processes for forming and employing the membrane.
A membrane includes a base membrane; and an electron beam functionalized coating, the coating comprising a polyvinyl alcohol, a polyvinyl alcohol-polyvinyl amine copolymer, a polyvinyl amine, and derivatives thereof functionalized with an electron beam reactive group adapted to form a radical under high energy irradiation. Also disclosed are processes for forming the membrane.
Thermoplastic polymer compositions are disclosed that can be processed into capstocks having a reduced gloss appearance, high impact strength and superior weatherability. The capstocks described herein are especially useful for extrusion into articles. They are also useful for application to various poor weathering structural plastic articles for preparing multi-layered composites having improved weatherability. Methods for manufacturing structural plastic capstocks and composites and articles produced therefrom having reduced gloss appearance are also described.
Magnetic receptive Paints and coatings have been developed to allow one to paint a wall with this coating and apply magnets to this surface. The further development of magnetic receptive coatings incorporates the use of multiple size particles giving the finished surface a smoother appearance and increasing the particle load in the dry mill surface. This is useful in the coating of substrates where the need to coat the thinnest possible coating on the surface of a substrate such as papers and films as well as painting on walls, gives you the highest magnetic receptive surface possible at the thinnest mill thickness of applied coating.
A laminate material may include a first flexible layer, and a self-healing composite layer in contact with the first flexible layer. The composite layer includes an elastomer matrix, a plurality of first capsules including a polymerizer, and a corresponding activator for the polymerizer. The laminate material may self-heal when subjected to a puncture or a tear.
In one embodiment, the sheet, comprises: a cap layer comprising an acrylic polymer; and a base layer, wherein the sheet is thermoformable. The base layer comprises a cycloaliphatic polyester copolymer and an optionally, an aromatic polycarbonate. The cycloaliphatic polyester copolymer can comprise greater than 10 wt % cycloaliphatic diol or acid or combination thereof, based upon a total weight of the cycloaliphatic polyester copolymer.
The object of the invention is to provide a curate liquid composition excelling in storage stability and curability and capable of forming a coat (film) which excels in antistatic properties, hardness, scratch resistance, and transparency on the surface of various substrates, a cured film of the composition, and an anti static laminate. This object is achieved by providing a curate liquid composition comprising the following components (A), (B), (C), and (D): (A) particles comprising an oxide of at least one element selected from the group consisting of indium, antimony, zinc, and tin as a major component, (B) a compound having two or more polymerizable unsaturated groups in the molecule, (C) a silicon-containing surfactant, and (D) a solvent.
A metal coated with ceramic and a method manufacturing the same. The metal contains chromium. A buffer layer is disposed on the metal, and a silicon carbide (SiC) coating layer is disposed on the buffer layer. The buffer layer has a thermal expansion coefficient between those of the metal and the SiC coating layer. The method includes annealing a metal containing chromium to form a chromium oxide layer on the metal, dissolving polycarbosilane (PCS) in a solvent to form a PCS coating solution, coating the chromium oxide layer with the PCS solution, and annealing the to form an SiC coating.
The present invention provides a coating solution for forming antireflective film which can form an antireflective film having high antireflective performance and high film strength; and an article having high antireflective performance for a long period of time.
A coating composition for forming antireflective film containing a dispersion medium, a fibrous solid fine particles, hollow fine particles and a binder, wherein the average agglomerated particle size of the fibrous solid fine particles measured by a dynamic light-diffusion method is larger than the average agglomerated particle size of the hollow fine particles measured by a dynamic light-scattering method; and an article on which an antireflective film made from the coating composition for forming antireflective film is formed.
Coating compositions which reduce the surface emissivity of structural materials or maintain the surface emissivity of structural materials while protecting the structural materials from oxidation, weathering, and physical damage. The compositions comprise a polymerized organic monomer, an optional dispersible electrically conductive material, a catalyst, and a solvent.
The present invention relates to absorbent compositions which exhibit swelling, deswelling, and reswelling behavior. More specifically, absorbent compositions of this invention swell and absorb fluids after exposure to aqueous fluids, deswell and release fluids from the swollen absorbent compositions, and may also reswell and absorb fluids. The swelling-deswelling-reswelling behavior allows enhanced liquid distribution in absorbent composites.
A fluidic device includes a porous substrate, a non-wetting region extending through a first portion of the porous substrate from a first side of the substrate, in which the non-wetting region is impermeable to fluid transport, and a wetting region extending through a second portion of the porous substrate from a second side of the substrate, in which the wetting region is permeable to fluid transport.
In a resin joined body including at least one member made of a resin material that forms a first resin layer and a second resin layer, the at least one of the first and second resin layers having the rear side from which the laser beam has been irradiated has an absorption constant of 50 to 5000 m−1 for the wavelength of the laser beam, and the fuse bonded portion is formed to have a relationship of X>Y, wherein a light transmittance of light passing from the first resin layer to the second resin layer via the fused portion is designated as X(%), and a light transmittance of light passing continuously from the first resin layer to the second resin layer via a portion other than the fused portion is designated as Y(%).
A thermoformable sheet can comprise: a cap layer comprising a combination of a bisphenol cyclohexylidene polycarbonate and a cycloaliphatic polyester copolymer, and a base layer comprising polycarbonate. A method for making an article can comprise: melting a polycarbonate in an extruder, forming a molten combination of a bisphenol cyclohexylidene polycarbonate and a cycloaliphatic polyester copolymer, and coextruding the molten combination and the polycarbonate to form a sheet.
The invention relates to an airdrying resin suitable for a coating composition characterized in that the resin is a polyesteramide prepared from: A) at least one anhydride chosen from the list containing succinic, glutaric, citraconic, itaconic or maleic anhydride or a combination of any of them, and B) at least one alkanol-amine, and C) at least one fatty acid, wherein the fatty acid is incorporated in the resin in an amount equivalent to an oil-length between 15 and 40%. This airdrying resin is both water- and solvent-soluble, having a combination of properties desirable for different types of applications. The invention relates also to a method for preparing such a polyesteramide resin, to a composition comprising at least one polyesteramide resin and a method for preparing such a composition, to a substrate fully or partially coated with this composition, a method for curing the coated substrate, the cured and coated substrate and the use of resin in various applications.
A thermoconductive silicone elastomer comprising a silicone elastomer being a cured body of a hydrosilation-curable organopolysiloxane composition, a reinforcing fine powder silica, a thermoconductive inorganic powder, and a non-reactive organopolysiloxane that is liquid at room temperature which are dispersed in the aforementioned silicone elastomer; a thermoconductive medium comprising the aforementioned thermoconductive silicone elastomer; a hydrosilation-curable thermoconductive silicone elastomer composition comprising a hydrosilation-curable organopolysiloxane composition, a reinforcing fine powder silica, a thermoconductive inorganic powder, and a non-reactive organopolysiloxane that is liquid at room temperature.
A connection made between components at a safe temperature for each of the components. A slot made may be provided on one component and a tab provided on the other component. The slot may be filled with an electrically conductive material. The tab may be inserted in the slot before significant curing of the material and kept in the slot throughout the curing period of the material. The curing may be effected at a temperature harmless to the components. For example, the temperature may be room temperature. One example of a temperature-sensitive component may be a thin battery.
Quality of high-velocity oxygen- and air-fuel sprayed coatings of cemented carbides is improved by regulating amounts of depositing and non-depositing carbide particles. The non-depositing particles activate the substrate, increasing coating hardness and density.
The apparatus comprises a sealable volume and a wall forming at least a portion of a boundary limiting said volume, wherein said wall comprises a hydrogen permeation barrier comprising a layer system (LS) comprising at least one layer, wherein said layer system comprises at least one hydrogen barrier layer (HPBL) comprising an at least ternary oxide.
Preferably, said at least ternary oxide is substantially composed of Al, Cr and O, and said depositing said at least one hydrogen barrier layer (HPBL) is carried out using a physical vapor deposition method, in particular a cathodic arc evaporation method.
Preferably, step a) comprises depositing on said substrate at least one of: an adhesion layer (AdhL), a hydrogen storage layer (HStL), a protective layer (ProtL), in particular a thermal barrier layer (ThBL), a diffusion barrier layer (DBL), an oxidation barrier layer (OxBL), a chemical barrier layer (ChBL), a wear resistance layer (WRL).
Excellent hydrogen permeation barrier properties can be achieved, and the layer system can be tailored as required by an envisaged application.
A ceramic element, including: a ceramic body having an internal electrode layer and a ceramic layer; an external electrode having a base electrode which is provided on the outside of the ceramic body so as to be electrically connected with the internal electrode layer, and a plating layer covering the outer surface of the base electrode; and a protective layer for covering at least a portion of the outer surface of the ceramic layer other than the portion covered by the external electrode, wherein the protective layer includes a first layer that is an insulating layer containing an insulating oxide, and a second layer that is an insulating layer containing the same insulating oxide as the first layer and an element that is the same as at least one of elements forming the ceramic layer, and the first layer and second layer are formed in that order from the inside.
Composition, which comprises a latent activator and a colour former, a process for the preparation of these compositions, substrates coated with these compositions and a process for their preparation, a process for preparing marked substrates using these compositions and marked substrates obtainable by the latter process.
The present invention relates to a composite soft magnetic powdery material. The composite soft magnetic powdery material includes a strong permanent magnetic powder and a Fe-based soft magnetic powder. The mixing ratio of the Fe-based soft magnetic powder to the strong permanent magnetic powder is from 5:5 to 9:1. The composite soft magnetic powdery material has a magnetic permeability of from 5 to 50.
A method for coating a metal component of a gas turbine engine, the method comprising forming a cathode ingot for a cathodic arc deposition process, and performing a cathodic arc deposition process on the metal component with the cathode ingot to form a bond coat, where the formed cathode ingot comprises an MCrAlY alloy base portion and a platinum-modified aluminide outer coating disposed over the base portion.
A method of securing a precast refractory shape within a refractory structure, comprising the steps of forming a precast refractory shape by casting a refractory shape to have a plurality of spaced-apart cavities formed in an outer surface thereof; positioning the precast refractory within a refractory structure; and casting a refractory material around the precast refractory shape such that the refractory material covers the outer surface of the precast refractory and fills the cavities.
A manufacturing method for a composite metal wire used as semiconductor packaging wire and products thereof. Au, Ag and Cu materials are melted in a vacuum melting furnace, and then trace metal elements are added into the vacuum melting furnace and melted together with Au, Ag and Cu materials to obtain a composite material. The obtained composite material is drawn by a fist thick drawing machine, a second thick drawing machine and a first thin drawing machine to obtain a composite metal wire with a predetermined diameter. An Au layer is electroplated to the surface of the composite metal wire. The composite metal wire with Au layer is then drawn by a thin drawing machine, a very thin drawing machine and an ultra thin drawing machine to obtain an ultra thin composite metal wire with a predetermined diameter. Finally, the surface of the composite metal wire is washed and the composite metal wire is heat treated to ensure a final product with desirable physical properties, e.g. breaking load and elongation.
A steel product with a high austenite grain coarsening temperature having less than 0.4% carbon, less than 0.06% aluminium, less than 0.01% titanium, less than 0.01% niobium, and less than 0.02% vanadium by weight, and having fine oxide particles containing silicon and iron distributed through the steel microstructure having an average particle size less than 50 nanometers and may be between 5 and 30 nanometers. The steel product may have fine oxide particles distributed through the microstructure capable of restricting ferrite recrystallization for strain levels up to at least 10.0%, for temperatures up to 750° C. with holding times up to 20 minutes. The steel product may be made by continuous casting of steel strip introduced between the casting rolls to form a casting pool of molten carbon steel having a total oxygen content of at least 70 ppm usually less than 250 ppm, and a free oxygen content 20 and 60 ppm, counter rotating the casting rolls.
An organic light-emitting device has a first hole-blocking layer in contact with a phosphorescent light-emitting layer and a second hole-blocking layer in contact with the first. The material in the first hole-blocking layer has a triplet energy greater than the host of the phosphorescent layer and the material in the second hole-blocking layer has a triplet energy higher than the dopant in the phosphorescent layer. Both hole-blocking materials have lower HOMO energies than the host of the phosphorescent light-emitting layer
A tandem OLED device including an anode; a cathode; at least two electroluminescent units disposed between the anode and the cathode, wherein each of the electroluminescent units includes at least one hole-transporting layer and one organic light-emitting layer; and an intermediate connector disposed between adjacent electroluminescent units, wherein the intermediate connector includes an n-doped organic layer and an electron-accepting layer, the electron-accepting layer being disposed closer to the cathode than the n-doped organic layer, and wherein the n-doped organic layer includes an alkali metal and an organic alkali metal complex.
A ceramic sprayed member comprises a substrate and a ceramic sprayed coating thereon. Splats have been removed from the surface of the sprayed coating, typically by blasting. The ceramic sprayed member with improved plasma resistance mitigates particle contamination of wafers and enables stable manufacture when used in a halogen plasma process for semiconductor fabrication or the like.
The exchange coupled film according to the present invention comprises a buffer layer including a laminate in which an amorphous layer and a hafnium layer are laminated in that order, an antiferromagnetic layer laminated on the hafnium layer of the buffer layer via an intermediate layer with a thickness of at least 2 nm, and a pinned magnetic layer laminated on the antiferromagnetic layer.
To smoothly deliver a thermal energy required in an active site of a catalyst carried on a carrier. A method of manufacturing a catalyst carrier of the present invention includes the steps of: forming a mixed thin film in which at least metal and ceramics are mixed on a metal base, by spraying aerosol, with metal powders and ceramics powders mixed therein, on the metal base; and making the mixed thin film porous, by dissolving the metal of the mixed thin film into acid or alkaline solution to remove this metal.
A fuel cell system operating method in which a temperature of a fuel cell power generator is measured when the fuel cell power generator stops generating power, and it is determined whether the temperature is within a predetermined temperature range, and a reverse current is supplied to the fuel cell power generator upon restart if the temperature was determined to be outside of the predetermined range so as to increase the efficiency of the system after restarting the fuel cell power generator after being exposed to extreme conditions. Subsequently, the reverse current supply to the fuel cell power generator stops and electric energy is generated through an electrochemical reaction between hydrogen and oxygen in the fuel cell power generator.
The invention relates furthermore to a method of tweaking the heat and temperature balance of a fuel cell stack.
Embodiments of the invention relate to an electrochemical cell system including a cover that affects reactant flow into an electrochemical cell array.
A fuel cell system including a plurality of single-cell units, each of which include an electrolyte membrane disposed between an anode and a cathode and which generate electric power by a reaction of a fuel gas in the anode and an oxidizer gas in the cathode, and a fuel cell in-which the plurality of single-cell units are stacked. A plurality of voltage measurement devices measure the voltages of the single-cell units, respectively. A control unit determines the humidification state of the fuel cell based on the voltage of a second single-cell unit wherein when the voltage of the second single-cell is equal to or lower than an insufficient-humidification-determining voltage which is higher than the predetermined voltage the control unit determines that humidification of the fuel cell is insufficient, disposed in the vicinity of a first single-cell unit, the first single-cell unit having a voltage that is equal to or lower than a predetermined voltage.
Provided is a fuel cell system, which can inform the user of the input of a control command for low-temperature countermeasures, if necessary, at a proper timing. A control unit decides whether or not an ambient temperature To of a remote-part temperature is lower than 0° C. for the time period from a start request to a stop request of the system. The control unit informs, when it decides that either temperature is lower than 0° C., the user of a message for urging the input of the control command for the low-temperature countermeasures.
Oxidation or corrosion of carbon material contained in a cathode due to the reverse current that occurs at the starting of a fuel cell is suppressed. The fuel cell includes a plate-like cell, a separator on one side of the plate-like cell, and a separator on the other side of the plate-like cell. The plate-like cell includes a solid polymer electrolyte membrane, an anode, and a cathode. The anode has a stacked body composed of a catalyst layer and a gas diffusion layer. The cathode has a stacked body composed of a catalyst layer and a gas diffusion layer. The catalyst layer contains a porous carbon material formed with micro pores, which functions as an electric double layer, and an ion-exchange resin. At least part of the porous carbon material supports a catalytic metal such as platinum. The porous carbon material to be used is preferably a carbide-derived carbon. The carbide-derived carbon preferably has micro pores of 1 nm or less.
A solid oxide fuel cell has a stack structure in which sheet bodies and separators for separating air and fuel gas are stacked in alternating layers. Each of the sheet bodies includes an electrolyte layer, a fuel electrode layer formed on the upper surface of the electrolyte layer, and an air electrode layer formed on the lower surface of the electrolyte layer, wherein these layers are stacked and fired in such a manner that the electrolyte layer is sandwiched between the fuel electrode layer and the air electrode layer. The thickness of the electrolyte layer is 0.3 μm or more and 5 μm or less, and the electrolyte layer is composed of a single particle of YSZ in the thickness direction. Thus, the electrolyte layer is extremely thin, and further, the grain boundary in the thickness direction is small. Accordingly, the IR loss (electric resistance) of the electrolyte layer can remarkably be reduced.
Certain embodiments provide a bipolar plate for a fuel cell having a novel configuration in which the draining function is improved, the operation is simplified, the resin contained therein is prevented from being decomposed and eluted, and methods for producing the same. The methods for producing a bipolar plate for a fuel cell comprised of a composite material of carbon powders and a thermosetting resin generally comprise the steps of compressing said composite material of the carbon powders and the thermosetting resin by compression molding to provide a molded body having a gas flow field groove for flowing a reactive gas formed on at least one of the surfaces thereof, wherein a punching die and a molding die opposed to each other are used and said composite material of the carbon powders and the thermosetting resin are received in a material receiving part of said molding die, wherein said punching die is approached relative to said molding die; and irradiating an infrared laser beam toward the internal surface of said gas flow field groove while moving the optical axis of said infrared laser beam relatively to said molded body along said gas flow field groove, thereby applying infrared laser process to said internal surface of said gas flow field groove after the completion of said compressing step.
In order to create a fuel cell unit, comprising a cathode-anode-electrolyte unit and a contact plate which is in electrically conductive contact with the cathode-anode-electrolyte unit, which requires only small production resources and is thus suitable for large-scale production it is suggested that the fuel cell unit comprise a fluid guiding element which is connected to the contact plate in a fluid-tight manner, forms a boundary of a fluid chamber having fluid flowing through it during operation of the fuel cell unit and is designed as a shaped sheet metal part.
A battery pack includes: a battery including a battery element covered with a packaging member, the battery element including a positive electrode and a negative electrode which are spirally wound together or stacked on one another through a separator; a protection circuit board for the battery; and a covering material collectively covering the battery and the protection circuit board. The covering material includes a shape-retaining polymer. The shape-retaining polymer contains an insulating curable polyurethane resin including polyol and polyisocyanate.
A battery pack that can prevent deformation caused by external impact as well as leakage of an electrolyte. The battery pack includes a bare cell including a pouch type casing, an electrode assembly accommodated in the pouch type casing, and positive and negative electrode tabs extending from one side of the pouch type casing, a protection circuit board electrically connected to the bare cell, and a main body accommodating the bare cell and the protection circuit board. The battery pack also includes at least one reinforcing plate, wherein ends of the reinforcing plate are in contact with a surface of a front end portion of the bare cell or an inner surface of the main body. The reinforcing plate can be formed integrally with an upper or lower case of the main body or can be formed separately and disposed in the upper case or lower case.
A battery clamp includes a fixed collar cooperating with an adjustable collar to engage a battery terminal. In one embodiment, the adjustable collar is attached to a pivotal grip plate, the pivotal grip plate being pivotably engageable with a base attached to the fixed collar. A method of securing a battery clamp about a terminal includes positioning a clamp around a terminal of a battery, wherein the clamp includes a fixed collar and an adjustable collar. The method further includes engaging the fixed collar and the adjustable collar to the terminal of the battery by adjusting the force applied by the adjustable collar.
Electrolyte for lithium secondary batteries and battery packs includes a lithium salt, a non-aqueous solvent, and an additive. The additive includes two or more members selected from the group consisting of substances A, B and C, wherein A includes one or more fused ring compounds and fused heterocyclic compounds, B includes an alkoxy aromatic compound, and C includes halogenated borane-based salt.
A battery pack has a battery obtained by packing a battery element with a packing member. The battery element is formed by winding or laminating an anode and a cathode through separators. The battery pack includes frame member surrounding the packing member packing the battery element and a coating layer constituted of a curable resin formed on surfaces of the packing member which are surrounded and demarcated by the frame member.
A method of manufacturing a lithium-ion secondary battery includes an electrolytic solution making step of making an electrolytic solution by mixing at least an organic solvent and an electrolytic salt together, an electrode insertion step of inserting an anode and a cathode into an outer case, and a liquid injection step of injecting the electrolytic solution into the outer case; wherein the electrolytic solution making step or the liquid injection step adds a compound having an alkyl group with a carbon number of 10 or greater and an epoxy, vinyl, or silanol group at a terminal to the electrolytic solution.
An electrode of a non-aqueous electrolyte secondary battery comprises a current collector and a mixture comprising an electrode active material, a conductive material, and a binder on the current collector. The electrode active material comprises a porous oxide, in which the porous oxide comprises a lithium absorbing nano-material. The electrode active material is used in the electrodes of non-aqueous secondary batteries, preferably as the negative electrode active material.
An object of the present invention is to provide a nonaqueous secondary battery with high capacity and less cycle degradation and a method for producing thereof. The nonaqueous secondary battery of the present invention comprises a positive electrode having a positive electrode current collector and a positive electrode mixture layer disposed on the positive electrode current collector, a negative electrode having a negative electrode current collector and a negative electrode mixture layer disposed on the negative electrode current collector and a separator disposed between the positive electrode and the negative electrode, wherein the positive electrode mixture layer or the negative electrode mixture layer contains active material particles and a particulate binder adhered to the surface of the active material particles.
An electrode is used for an electric storage device that includes plural electrodes that are stacked such that an ion-conductive layer is disposed between each pair of the electrodes. Each of the plural electrodes includes a current collector, and an electrode layer, formed on the current collector, which contains an active material. The configuration of the electrode layer (for example, the amount of the active material) varies according to the position in the electrode layer such that a current density in a first region of the electrode, where heat radiation performance is lower than the heat radiation performance in a second region of the electrode, is lower than the current density in the second region of the electrode.
A battery that has a higher capacity and superior charge and discharge efficiency is provided. The battery includes a cathode, an anode, and an electrolyte. The anode has an anode active material layer provided on an anode current collector, and the anode active material layer contains a spherocrystal graphitized substance of mesophase spherule provided with a fine pore as an anode active material.
An organic electrolytic solution includes a lithium salt; an organic solvent containing a high dielectric constant solvent; and a polymerizable cycloolefin monomer, and an lithium battery employing the same. The organic electrolytic solution prevents decomposition of an electrolyte, and thus the lithium battery employing the organic electrolytic solution has improved cycle characteristics and lifetime.
An additive for an electrolyte of a lithium secondary battery, the additive including a polysiloxane-based compound represented by Formula 1 below:
A battery includes an anode having an alkali metal as the active material, a cathode having, for example, iron disulfide as the active material, and an electrolyte containing a sulfolane and 1,3-dioxolane.
The present invention provides an image-formed object having security property improved, in which, even in the case where the image-formed object comprises a plurality of optical diffraction structures, the presence of each optical diffraction structure is hardly recognized.
An image-formed object comprises a background region where an optical diffraction structure for background focusing a predetermined design as a hologram image at a predetermined image-formation distance, and at least one inset region provided so as to be inset in the background region, wherein, in the inset region, an optical diffraction structure for inset focusing a hologram image of the same design and color as the hologram image of the optical diffraction structure for background is formed at an image-formation distance different from the image-formation distance of the optical diffraction structure for background.
This disclosure includes a SRAF layout that minimizes the number of SRAFs required to reliably print contact shapes. A method is provided that reduces the number of necessary SRAF features on a mask, placing at least two elongated SRAF shapes on the mask such that the elongated SRAF shapes extend past at least one edge of a mask shape in at least one direction.
The invention relates to an extreme ultraviolet photolithography mask, operating in reflection, the mask comprising a substrate, a mirror structure deposited uniformly on the substrate, and an absorbent layer which is absorbent at the operating wavelength of the mask and is deposited on top of the mirror structure and etched in a desired masking pattern. The absorbent layer contains indium among its principal constituents.
A blank mask includes a pattern target layer formed over a transparent substrate and a self-assembly monolayer disposed over and modifying the surface of a back side of the transparent substrate opposite to the pattern target layer.
A drawing apparatus is first adjusted so that a pattern is drawn on the photomask at a pattern position at which a position variation amount of the pattern position on a surface of the photomask due to distortion of the photomask that occurs when the photomask is held on a mask stage of an exposing apparatus is eliminated. Then, a position measuring device that measures the pattern position is adjusted so that the position variation amount is added to a result of measurement of the pattern position by the position measuring device. Finally, the pattern is drawn on the photomask by using the adjusted drawing apparatus and the pattern position of the pattern is measured by using the adjusted position measuring device.
This invention provides methods of creating via or trench structures on a developer-soluble hardmask layer using a multiple exposure-development process. The hardmask layer is patterned while the imaging layer is developed. After the imaging layer is stripped using organic solvents, the same hardmask can be further patterned using subsequent exposure-development processes. Eventually, the pattern can be transferred to the substrate using an etching process.
A method of manufacturing a photomask includes: providing a photomask; exposing the photomask to obtain an aerial image of the photomask and evaluating the photomask using the aerial image; and altering an optical parameter of the photomask associated with the aerial image according to the result of evaluation.
Provided is a method for producing a toner including the steps of: preparing a resin liquid by mixing at least a binder resin made of polyester resin and a colorant with an ester organic solvent represented by the following general formula (1); dispersing the resin liquid in an aqueous medium to form an emulsion; and removing the ester organic solvent from the emulsion to produce a toner, in which the ester organic solvent before the preparation of the resin liquid contains water in an amount of not less than 1% by weight and up to the saturation solubility at 25° C. to the ester organic solvent.
(in which R1 is a hydrogen atom or a methyl group, and R2 is an alkyl group having 1 to 4 carbon atoms).
A novel method of forming a resist pattern in which thickness loss from the resist pattern is reduced, and a negative resist composition that can be used in this method of forming a resist pattern. The method of forming a resist pattern includes: forming a first resist film by applying a first resist composition to a support, forming a first resist pattern by selectively exposing the first resist film through a first mask pattern and then developing the first resist film, forming a second resist film by applying a negative resist composition containing an ether-based organic solvent (S″) having no hydroxyl groups onto the support having the first resist pattern formed thereon, and forming a resist pattern by selectively exposing the second resist film through a second mask pattern and then developing the second resist film.
The present invention provides a resin composition for laser engraving containing at least an acetylene compound and a binder polymer, a relief printing plate precursor for laser engraving using the same, a relief printing plate, and a method for producing a relief printing plate.
The present invention relates to thermoplastic material comprising polymer and at least one polychromic substance, wherein the polychromic substance is a functionalised diacetylene having the formula which has the general structure:
wherein X is H or alkyl, Y is a divalent alkylene group, Q is O, S or NR, R is H or alkyl, and Z is alkyl, and n is 0 or 1.
The present invention further relates to a method of processing thermoplastic material to form a plastic article, wherein the method comprises the step of processing the thermoplastic material at a temperature greater than the melt temperature of the thermoplastic, wherein the thermoplastic material comprises polymer and at least one polychromic substance as defined above; and further comprising the step of irradiating the plastic article to colour at least a region of the plastic article.
The invention provides a method of manufacturing a relief printing plate having at least engraving an area which is in a relief forming layer of a relief printing plate precursor for laser engraving and is to be exposed by scanning exposure using a fiber-coupled semiconductor laser which emits laser beam with a wavelength of 700 nm to 1,300 nm. The relief printing plate precursor has at least a relief forming layer provided over a support, and the relief forming layer contains at least a binder polymer and a photo-thermal conversion agent. The invention further provides a relief printing plate precursor for laser engraving which can be used in the method of manufacturing a relief printing plate.
The invention provides a method and an apparatus for preparing a relief printing form from a photosensitive element. More specifically, this invention describes a method and an apparatus for preparing a relief form in an environment having controlled oxygen concentration during exposure to actinic radiation. The method includes forming an in-situ mask on a lo photosensitive element, exposing the element to actinic radiation through the in-situ mask in an environment having an inert gas and a concentration of oxygen between 190,000 and 100 ppm, and treating the exposed element to form the relief printing form having a pattern of raised surface areas.
The invention provides a method and an apparatus for preparing a relief printing form from a photosensitive element. More specifically, this invention describes a method and an apparatus for preparing a relief form in an environment having controlled oxygen concentration during exposure to actinic radiation. The method includes forming an in-situ mask on a photosensitive element, exposing the element to actinic radiation through the in-situ mask in an environment having an inert gas and a concentration of oxygen between 190,000 and 100 ppm, and treating the exposed element to form the relief printing form having a pattern of raised surface areas.
A monomer, which is represented by General Formula I:
The main object of the present invention is to provide a method for manufacturing an EL element, capable of preferably carrying out the peeling operation at the time of peeling off an unnecessary layer such as a photoresist layer.
In order to achieve the object, the present invention provides a method for manufacturing an EL element comprising: an organic EL layer forming process of forming an organic EL layer on a substrate, on which at least an electrode layer is formed; a peeling layer forming process of forming a peeling layer on the organic EL layer; a photoresist layer forming process of forming a photoresist layer on the peeling layer; a photoresist layer patterning process of patterning the photoresist layer by exposing and developing; an organic EL layer developing process of removing the organic EL layer of a part not covered with the photoresist layer; and a peeling layer peeling process of removing the photoresist layer laminated thereon by peeling off the peeling layer.
A liquid ejecting head including a coating resin layer including a plurality of ejection outlets for ejecting liquid and flow paths which are in fluid communication with the ejection outlets, respectively; an energy generating element for generating energy for ejecting liquid; and an adhesion improving layer provided between the coating resin layer and the substrate, wherein the coating resin layer further includes a first resin material layer closest to the substrate and at least one second resin material layer, and the first resin material layer provides at least one stepped portion continuing from a periphery of the second resin material layer.
A method of manufacturing a liquid discharge head including a flow path forming member configured to form a flow path communicating with a discharge port to discharge liquid, includes, providing a first layer which includes a photosensitive resin and a light absorption agent on a substrate, and providing a second layer which includes a positive photosensitive resin but substantially does not include the light absorption agent on the substrate, so as to coat the first layer, forming a pattern having a shape corresponding to the flow path by performing a patterning process, and providing a layer which becomes the flow path forming member on the substrate, so as to coat the pattern. The method further includes forming the discharge port by performing a patterning process including exposure of the layer that becomes the flow path forming member, and forming the flow path by removing the pattern.
The present invention relates to an apparatus for creating a pattern on a workpiece sensitive to radiation, such as a photomask a display panel or a microoptical device. The apparatus may include a source for emitting light flashes, a spatial modulator having modulating elements (pixels), adapted to being illuminated by the radiation, and a projection system creating an image of the modulator on the workpiece. It may further include an electronic data processing and delivery system receiving a digital description of the pattern to be written, converting the pattern to modulator signals, and feeding the signals to the modulator. An electronic control system may be provided to control a trigger signal to compensate for flash-to-flash time jitter in the light source.
A method and to an apparatus for structuring a radiation-sensitive material are disclosed. The method can include using a dynamic mask to generate a first radiation pattern in a layer of the radiation-sensitive material, where the first radiation pattern has a thickness that is at most 50% of the thickness of the layer of the radiation-sensitive material. The method can also include using the dynamic mask to generate a second radiation pattern in the layer of the radiation-sensitive material. The dynamic mask can be configured to change its structure dynamically, and the first radiation pattern can be different from the second radiation pattern.
A process for creating an image in a dry-film resist laminate. The dry-film resist laminate comprises in order, a peelable top layer, a layer of dry-film resist, a clear or translucent coating layer, and a peelable bottom layer. The top layer is peeled from the laminate and the laminate is applied to a surface using heat and pressure. Thereafter, an image is created in the layer of dry-film resist and the resist is developed to remove uncured portions of the layer of photoresist along with the clear or translucent coating layer.
The ignition sequence of a conventional oil-fired furnace is altered to achieve significant fuel economy. In response to a thermostatic call for heat, a short two to five second delay interval ensues during which the ignition electrode pair are energized to cause an arc which associates with the nozzle surface to burn off unburned fuel debris and, in effect, clean the nozzle, electrode tips and warm the spark. At the termination of this short interval, the oil pump and air blower are energized to achieve combustion of oil mist and air within an association ignition chamber.
A gas-fired appliance is provided having a burner which is configured to receive and burn pressurized gas, such as natural gas, during operation. A control comprises a pressure switch having an inlet exposed to pressure from the pressurized gas during operation of the burner, a battery, and a motor operatively connected to the battery and the pressure switch which is operated in response to the application of pressurized gas at the inlet. A damper assembly is connected to the motor. The damper assembly comprises a damper movable between an open position and a closed position in response to operation of the motor.
A flame detector is disclosed for monitoring a flame during a combustion process, comprising a camera and a carrier tube, wherein the camera is arranged at a front end of the carrier tube such that an optical access of the camera is directed toward the flame when the front end of the carrier tube is mounted in the vicinity of a burner nozzle aperture.
A damper mechanism for a gas-fired appliance is disclosed. The damper mechanism is mechanically operated in response to changes in pressure within a portion of the appliance. Changes in gas pressure operate to displace a diaphragm, thereby moving a linkage attached to a flue damper, such that the damper can be moved between open and closed positions. An interim damper control activation arm can pivot in response to movement of the linkage to actuate electrical switches, which act to close a magnetic pilot valve when the damper is in a partially-opened or partially-closed position.
Methods and apparatuses for heat treatment of semiconductor wafers are disclosed herein. A method of heating a semiconductor wafer in accordance with one embodiment includes heating the wafer in a loading enclosure of a heat treatment system above an ambient temperature external to the loading enclosure. The method also includes moving the heated wafer from the loading enclosure into a processing enclosure of the heat treatment system. In particular embodiments, the method can further include heating a flow of purge gas above the ambient temperature and introducing the flow of heated purge gas into the loading enclosure while the wafer is in the loading enclosure. In still further embodiments, the method can include heating a flow of process gas to a processing temperature and introducing the heated flow of process gas into the processing enclosure while the wafer is in the processing enclosure.
The energy saving stove water heater includes a heat collecting body, with a tubular shape, having a water chamber surrounding with a heat source of the cooking stove, a water pipeline operatively communicating with the water chamber, and a top opening aligning with the heat source. Therefore, when a cooking tool supports on the heat collecting body at the top opening thereof, the heat source of the cooking stove is arranged to generate relatively high heat energy thermally transferring not only towards the cooking tool at the top opening but also towards the water chamber to heat up the water therewithin.
A long-arm type upright molar tooth spring includes a lingual groove rest, for resting the spring at a lingual groove of a first molar tooth; a loop, for surrounding and fixing the periphery of the second molar tooth; a buccal bracket rest, for resting the spring at a buccal bracket of the first molar tooth; a reactivating area, being an area between the first molar tooth and the second premolar tooth; a lever, for applying a force onto the second molar tooth; and an arc, extended from an adjacent wall between an engaging surface of the first molar tooth and an engaging surface of the second molar tooth, and fixed at a root of the second molar tooth.
Method and system for establishing an initial position of a tooth, determining a target position of the tooth in a treatment plan, calculating a movement vector associated with the tooth movement from the initial position to the target position, determining a plurality of components corresponding to the movement vector, and determining a corresponding one or more positions of a respective one or more attachment devices relative to a surface plane of the tooth such that the one or more attachment devices engages with a dental appliance are provided.
An intra-oral lighting device for illuminating a tooth located in the mouth of a patient, the device including a source of light, and a probe through which light from the source of light is transmitted, the probe including a tip from which light received from the source of light by the probe is emitted, the tip being insertable by a user into an aperture bored into the enamel of the patient's tooth whereby the tooth is illuminated from within by light emitted from the tip. Also, a method of illuminating a tooth disposed in the mouth of a patient, including the steps of drilling into the tooth a hole that extends into the tooth enamel, inserting into the drilled hole the tip of a light-transmitting probe connected to a source of light, and emitting light from the probe tip disposed in the drilled hole, whereby the tooth is illuminated from within by light transmitted into and through the tooth enamel from the probe tip.
The present invention relates to methods for the restoration of a decayed portion of an anterior tooth or re-restoration of a previously filled anterior tooth, and to dental matrices and composite resin dispensers that may be used in the methods for the restoration of a decayed portion of an anterior tooth
The present invention relates to methods for the restoration of a decayed portion of an anterior tooth or re-restoration of a previously filled anterior tooth, and to dental matrices and composite resin dispensers that may be used in the methods for the restoration of a decayed portion of an anterior tooth.
A method of increasing the hydrophilicity of an implant to be implanted into living bone. The method comprises the act of depositing non-toxic salt residuals on the surface of the implant by exposing the surface to a solution including the non-toxic salts. The method further comprises the act of drying the implant.
Disclosed herein is a mini implant. In the mini implant, friction is generated at a tapered portion through screw-coupling between a fixture's post portion and an abutment's post hole, so that the so-called friction-lock technique can be employed to not only completely couple the fixture and abutment without relying on cement or a mallet, but also uniformly maintain connectivity between the fixture and the abutment, regardless of the dental surgeon. The fixture defines the tapered portion at a top of an implanted portion defining screw threads in an outer periphery thereof. The post portion is formed above the tapered portion and defines screw roots. The abutment defines the post hole in a lower, inner region thereof and a prosthesis mount at an upper region thereof. The post hole defines screw threads corresponding to the screw roots of the post portion.
A method for treating periodontal disease. A dental substance is applied to gingival tissues by use of ultrasonic energy for improved exposure and treatment results.
A process for making a dental restoration includes forming an image which represents a natural oral cavity characteristic. The image may be formed on a computer by an artist or by capturing a photograph of an oral cavity. The computer-based image may be modified with a computer-aided software program. Thereafter, the image is printed as a decal and attached to the dental restoration base. The decal and the dental restoration base are conditioned by a high intensity light or by being fired together in an oven in order to create a finished dental restoration having the desired oral cavity color and characteristics.
A process for making a dental restoration includes forming a dental restoration base, selecting a decal representing a natural oral cavity characteristic, and attaching the selected decal to the base. Thereafter, the decal and the dental restoration base are conditioned to create a finished dental restoration having desired oral cavity color and characteristics such as teeth, enamel, dentin, crazing lines, stains, veins, blood vessels, bony coloration, hyper-calcification, mucosal tissue or gum tissue. In an alternative embodiment, the process may include placing a sealant over the decal and at least a portion of the dental restoration base. Additionally, a secondary decal may be attached over the sealant, followed by glazing the secondary decal.
A computer-implemented method and system for predicting operation risks of a vehicle. The method and system obtains a training data stream of vehicular dynamic parameters and logging crash time instances; partitions the data stream into units representing dimension vectors, labels the units that overlap the crash time instances as most dangerous; labels the units, which are furthest from the units that are labeled as most dangerous, as most safe; propagates the most dangerous and the most safe labeling information of the labeled units to units which are not labeled; estimates parameters of a danger-level function using the labeled and unlabeled units; and applies the danger-level function to an actual data stream of vehicular dynamic parameters to predict the operation risks of the vehicle.
Methods of promoting health are provided according to embodiments of the present invention which include establishing a plurality of neighborhood centers for providing healthy diet, detoxification and lifestyle protocols to the public. In preferred embodiments, the healthy diet protocols provided by the neighborhood centers include recommendation of foods which pass the Available Before Civilization Test requiring that the foods 1) are native to Africa; 2) require no human processing, including heating or cooking, to either gain access to, or digest or derive nutrition from the food in its natural form; 3) are not toxic if consumed raw; and 4) are not newly hybridized within the last 125,000 years or genetically modified.
An educational device that includes a free-standing dispenser container having an interior and an opening to the interior thereof. A plurality of reusable sheets are in the container each having on at least one surface an educational graphic. The sheets are arranged in the container so as to be capable of being dispensed one at a time from the opening by a person grasping and removing each sheet sequentially from the container through the opening. A means is provided for refilling the container with the reusable sheets that have been removed from the container.
The process of educating the person using the device comprises removing at least one sheet from the container for viewing of the graphic by the person, repeating this step until all the sheets have been removed from the container, refilling the container with the sheets that have been removed, and then repeating these steps so that the person is educated by the sequential viewing of the educational graphics on each sheet.
This invention is an apparatus and a method for language training and general entertainment and role-playing. It employs a computer that can play back audio or audio-visual program material, using special software to selectively direct the audio of this playback through the computer's speaker system or through a headset, with the user taking the audio routed to her headset—in particular speech—as a model and prompt to repeat this speech audibly. The user plays the role of the person in the program material whose speech is being routed to her headset, and the special software further permits the user to record her dubbing efforts along with the program material, producing a version of the program material with the user's voice recorded in place of, or in conjunction with, the voice of a character in the program material.
In one embodiment, the system and method for expressive language development; a method for detecting autism in a natural language environment using a microphone, sound recorder, and a computer programmed with software for the specialized purpose of processing recordings captured by the microphone and sound recorder combination; and the computer programmed to execute a method that includes segmenting an audio signal captured by the microphone and sound recorder combination using the computer programmed for the specialized purpose into a plurality recording segments. The method further includes determining which of the plurality of recording segments correspond to a key child. The method also includes extracting acoustic parameters of the key child recordings and comparing the acoustic parameters of the key child recordings to known acoustic parameters for children. The method returns a determination of a likelihood of autism.
There is provided a method that includes (a) obtaining a result of a test of a person, wherein the result indicates a color for which the person has an affinity, and (b) preparing a document that includes an element having a feature having the color.
A method and apparatus for analyzing pattern colorings and evaluating various psychological symptoms or disorders in art therapy are disclosed. The method suggests performance-related elements such as completeness, accuracy and degree of concentration as elements, can objectively and quantitatively rate these elements as well as various color-related elements, can detect the changes of these elements in pattern colorings, can estimate the levels and changes of psychological symptoms and disorders and determine whether the symptoms and disorders are serious or not, can acquire various kinds of knowledge in the field of art therapy and establish a knowledge base, and can interpret the pattern colorings based on the analysis and knowledge base. The apparatus consists of units obtaining inputs of characteristics of clients, analyzing and rating the various elements in the pattern colorings, and outputting various kinds of information to the clients, parents, teachers, and art therapists.
A behavior improvement support apparatus for presenting information to prompt reduction of environmental load imposed by a user's living space, stores in a memory, in regard to a plurality of parameters each having a plurality of values for specifying presentation methods of the information, one of the values of each parameter, presents the information during a given period of time, based on the one of the values of each parameter stores in the memory, measures the amount of emission of the environmental load imposed by the living space during the period of time, evaluates, based on the amount of emission of the environmental load during the period of time, an effect of the one of the values of each parameter used when the information is presented, and updates, based on an evaluation result, the one of the values of at least one of the parameters stored in the memory.
A higher education constituent relationship (CRM) system may provide an educational institution with a graphical display of a probability and desirability value for a person at a stage of a student life cycle. For example, the higher education CRM system may receive a history of interactions between the person and the institution. The higher education CRM system may use the history of interactions and information about the person to calculate the probability value, or measure of the likelihood that the person moves to another stage in the student life cycle, and the desirability value, or a measure of the appeal of the person to the educational institution at a stage of the student life cycle, for the person. The higher education CRM system may display the calculated values for the probability and desirability to a representative of the institution.
A method and apparatus for toilet training for children or as an aid to urinary function for adults which presents two cues to the person. The first cue is an audible sound of water flowing. The second cue is visual observation of water flowing. The cues are presented in a structure which may be a rotatable hour glass shaped liquid containing device which permits the liquid to flow from one portion of the hour glass to the other when the device is rotated. A sound of flowing water is produced from sound storage means in the device. The liquid may be refilled or it may be pre-sealed at the factory. Two plates are proved at the ends of the hour glass to house a picture in one and a mirror in the other. The structure may be utilized free-standing, or attached to a rotatable base which, in turn, may be fixedly or removably mounted on a surface.
A scale model collectible dash replica device, wherein authentic dashboard designs are replicated in miniature form from high quality materials that simulate authentic vehicle interiors, wherein features are included that operationally simulate actual component functionality, and wherein an onboard business card holder and stand with dash logo identifier enhance model recognition and device usefulness.
A process for preserving tissues is described which comprises transferring the tissues in a container and evacuating the container.
Instead of immersing human reproductive cells in a single culture medium throughout the various procedures used in IVF, a process is provided by which the reproductive cells may be moved through a sequence of distinct culture media as the various IVF procedures are carried out. In one implementation, the culture media specifically formulated to provide a physical environment similar to that found within the female reproductive tract and conducive to growth and development of human reproductive cells during the various stages of the IVF process. In this regard, specifically formulated culture media can be applied to support the reproductive cells in one or more of the following procedures: oocyte retrieval and handling; oocyte maturation; ordinary fertilization; oocyte, zygote and embryo examination and biopsy; embryonic development to the eight-cell stage; embryonic development to the blastocyst stage; embryo transfer, and cryopreservation.
Reagents, methods and immunodiagnostic test kits for the accurate detection of hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection are disclosed. The methods and kits employ novel rabbit monoclonal antibodies directed against HBV surface antigens (HBsAg) with mutations in the “a” determinant region of HBsAg.
Synthetic storage media are disclosed for use in the processing and the storing of platelets. The storage media includes a platelet storage solution and less than 20 percent plasma to preserve platelet function after at least 7 days of storage.
Compositions and methods for discriminately detecting the presence of a set of related genes from target organisms while avoiding detection of closely similar genes in non-target organisms. The present invention achieves this objective by a variety of novel nucleic acid constructs and methods. The nucleic acid constructs of the present invention are able to carry out this objective by virtue of the selected sequences of the compositions and by methods of use of such compositions.
The present application relates to primers for isothermal amplification of HCV each include at least eighteen consecutive bases corresponding to a 3′ end region of one selected from base sequences of SEQ ID NOs: 1-10, 21 and 22. The primers are specific to HCV subtypes 1a, 1b, 2a, 2b and 3a, respectively and enable genotyping of HCV by isothermal amplification.
Compositions and methods for the detection, diagnosis and treatment of BVDV are provided.
The present invention is in the field of plant genetics. More specifically the invention relates to nucleic acid molecules and nucleic acid molecules that contain markers, in particular, single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) and repetitive element markers. In addition, the present invention provides nucleic acid molecules having regulatory elements or encoding proteins or fragments thereof. The invention also relates to proteins and fragments of proteins so encoded and antibodies capable of binding the proteins. The invention also relates to methods of using the nucleic acid molecules, markers, repetitive elements and fragments of repetitive elements, regulatory elements, proteins and fragments of proteins. 
The invention provides methods for identifying and isolating cells that express high levels of protein. A method is described for identifying a cell or cell line expressing a desired protein comprising determining in a cell or cell line that has been transfected with a vector comprising a nucleotide sequence encoding the desired protein the intracellular expression levels of elements of the vector and also determining expression of the desired protein on the surface of the cell or cell line, in certain cases in a single assay.
A tissue sample to be analyzed is tested. Multiple different samples of multiple areas of said tissue sample, each of said multiple areas is a smaller area than an entire tissue sample to be analyzed. After analysis, the tissue sample is processed in a way that facilitates viewing tumor information on the sample, for example, by fixing or staining. An area is identified on the stained sample, and at least one of the samples that corresponds to an identified area is tested. This small area is tested using a technique that homogenizes the sample before testing.
The invention describes a method for screening antibody producing cell lines for selection of high expressing clones.
A catalytic system and method of catalyzing reactions that uses a novel toehold exchange mechanism that allows a specified input to catalyze the release of a specified output, which in turn can serve as a catalyst for other reactions is provided. This toehold exchange catalyst system, which can be driven forward by the configurational entropy of the released molecule, provides an amplifying circuit element that is simple, fast, modular, composable, and robust. Using this toehold exchange catalyst system it has been possible to construct and characterize several circuits that amplify nucleic acid signals, including a feed-forward cascade with quadratic kinetics and a positive feedback circuit with exponential growth kinetics.
This invention pertains to the identification of specific disease-causing DNA sequences in a subject. The methods of the present invention can be used to identify genetic alterations, to determine the molecular basis for genetic diseases, and to provide carrier and prenatal diagnosis for genetic counseling.
The present application provides methods and nucleic acids the classification of a biological sample. This is achieved by the analysis of the expression status of at least one of the genes selected from Table 1 as disclosed.
Described herein is a variant human acidic mammalian chitinase (AMCase) enzyme having improved stability and an isolated nucleic acid sequence which encodes the variant. The invention also provides to nucleic acid constructs, vectors, and host cells comprising the nucleic acid sequences as well as methods for producing recombinant variant AMCase polypeptide and its use in screening assays to identify modulators.
Techniques for a surface-modified glass fiber with monolayer of aminocalixarene derivatives and iminecalixrene derivatives are provided.
The present invention relates to a novel method for the delivery of agents to tumour cells. In particular it relates to a method for the specific delivery of agents to the interior of tumour cells. Uses of the method are also described.
The present invention relates to mutant DNA polymerases which incorporate dideoxynucleotides with about the same efficiency as deoxynucleotides. The present invention also related to mutant DNA polymerases which also have substantially reduced 5′-to-3′ exonuclease activity or 3′-to-5′ exonuclease activity. The invention also relates to DNA molecules coding for the mutant DNA polymerases, and hosts containing the DNA molecules.
In an RNA amplification process comprising steps of using a first primer and a second primer, at least one of which has a promoter sequence at the 5′ end, and reverse transcriptase, to produce double-stranded DNA containing the promoter sequence, using the double-stranded DNA as template to produce an RNA transcript with RNA polymerase, and using the RNA transcript in turn as template for DNA synthesis with the reverse transcriptase to produce the double-stranded DNA, the amount of amplified RNA product is measured with an intercalating fluorescent dye-labeled nucleic acid probe.
The invention provides a method for preparing and analysing a population of fragmented polynucleotide sequences having a substantially uniform size. The method can include steps of (a) binding at least some protection molecule to at least one polynucleotide sequence; (b) cleaving the at least one polynucleotide sequence to generate a plurality of polynucleotide fragment sequences of substantially uniform size; (c) amplifying the polynucleotide fragments; and (d) determining a sequence characteristic of a plurality of the polynucleotide fragments.
The methods of the present invention relate to the diagnosis of cardiovascular disorders. In one aspect, the specification discloses methods for determining a subject's predisposition to increased risk for myocardial infarction.
The invention provides methods for sequencing a polynucleotide comprising stopping an extension cycle in a sequence by synthesis reaction before the reaction has run to near or fill completion.
The present invention is directed to a method of isolating a target species (e.g., target nucleic acid species) from a mixture. In the methods of the present invention, the mixture is combined with solid phase carriers having a surface comprising multiple functional groups one of which reversibly and selectively binds the target species. In a particular embodiment, the mixture is combined with solid phase carriers having a first functional group which reversibly binds nucleic acids and a second functional group which selectively and reversibly binds the target nucleic acid species, thereby producing a first combination. The first combination is maintained under conditions appropriate for binding of the nucleic acids to the first functional group and binding of the target nucleic acid species to the second functional group. The solid phase carriers are separated from the first combination, and combined with an agent (e.g., buffer) that selectively removes (e.g., elutes) either the nucleic acid from the first functional group or the target nucleic acid species from the second functional group of the solid phase carriers, thereby isolating a target nucleic acid species from a mixture comprising a plurality of nucleic acid species.
A semiconductor nanocrystal compound and probe are described. The compound is capable of linking to one or more affinity molecules. The compound comprises (1) one or more semiconductor nanocrystals capable of, in response to exposure to a first energy, providing a second energy, and (2) one or more linking agents, having a first portion linked to the one or more semiconductor nanocrystals and a second portion capable of linking to one or more affinity molecules. One or more semiconductor nanocrystal compounds are linked to one or more affinity molecules to form a semiconductor nanocrystal probe capable of bonding with one or more detectable substances in a material being analyzed, and capable of, in response to exposure to a first energy, providing a second energy. Also described are processes for respectively: making the semiconductor nanocrystal compound; making the semiconductor nanocrystal probe; and treating materials with the probe.
Methods and compositions are provided for predicting whether a subject will comply with an antidepressant treatment regimen. In practicing the subject methods, a subject's serotonin transporter gene-linked polymorphic region (5HTTLPR) is genotyped. Based on the identified genotype, a particular antidepressant treatment regimen suitable for the patient is determined. Also provided are kits for practicing the subject methods.
Purified genes encoding a cytokine or composite cytokine from a mammal, reagents related thereto including purified proteins, specific antibodies, and nucleic acids encoding these molecules are provided. Methods of using said reagents and diagnostic kits are also provided.
The present invention relates to endothelial cell-specific genes and encoded polypeptides and materials and uses thereof in the imaging, diagnosis and treatment of conditions involving the vascular endothelium.
A method for determining antigen content in a region of interest of a sample is disclosed. The method includes a sequential immunomarking resulting in two chromogenic signals, which are respectively provided by a labile and a stabile chromogenic product. The method further involves acquisition, analysis and evaluation of digital images from such signals. A kit for determining antigen content in a region of interest of a sample is also described.
The invention involves assays, diagnostics, kits, and assay components for determining levels of K41-glycated CD59 in subjects. Treatments for subjects based upon levels of K41-glycated CD59 also are provided.
The present invention provides a tumor marker and a method capable of identifying the morbidity of colon cancer. A tumor marker including a protein identified from a colon cancer tissue. A method for identify the morbidity of colon cancer using the tumor marker. The method includes: measuring the level of the protein in a sample derived from a person of interest who should be examined to identify the morbidity of colon cancer; and comparing the measured level to the normal level of the protein, wherein a higher or lower measured level than the normal level is used as one indicator indicating that there is a high possibility that the person of interest has colon cancer.
The invention provides methods for the determination of insulin sensitivity, insulin resistance, and non-insulin dependent Diabetes mellitus based on oral glucose tolerance test data and lipid ratios from reference populations that define an insulin resistance index. The invention also provides methods for using the IR index to determine disease progression and to evaluate the efficacy of therapeutic agents. The invention further provides an IR calculator for automating diagnosis, producing and storing patient medical records.
This invention relates to methods and compositions for designing novel fluorescent proteins, preferably to a green fluorescent proteins (GFP). The engineered GFPs are modified by substituting negatively charged amino acids with positively charged amino acids on the exterior of the protein making the protein cell permeable. The ability of the engineered fluorescent proteins to permeate cells obviates the need for transfections, allowing these novel proteins to be used in numerous biological applications.
Compositions useful for detecting Clostridial toxin activity comprising a cell that contains an exogenous Clostridial toxin substrate comprises a fluorescent member, a membrane targeting domain and a Clostridial toxin recognition sequence comprising a cleavage site, where the cleavage site intervenes between said fluorescent member and said membrane localization domain and methods useful for determining Clostridial toxin activity using such Clostridial toxin substrates.
The present disclosure relates to a sodium iodide symporter (NIS)-repressor binding site (NRBS) consisting of a DNA molecule spanning from −645 to −605 nucleotides (SEQ ID NO:4) or from −648 to −620 nucleotides (SEQ ID NO:5) upstream from the translation start site of human NIS gene. The disclosure further relates to a method of restoring iodide transport to a human thyroid carcinoma cell, including: the steps of: i) contacting the cell expressing and forming a NIS repressor protein complex capable of binding to the NRBS of the disclosure with a modulator of said complex, and ii) administering to the cell radiolabeled iodide.
A cell image processing apparatus includes a large area image obtainer for obtaining a large area image which is obtained by imaging an area including a white blood cell and a red blood cell, a processing part for obtaining a portion image including the white blood cell from the large area image, and a memory for storing the portion image as an image for monitoring white blood cell and storing the large area image as an image for monitoring red blood cell.
This invention provides a means for enabling high-level secretory production of proteins, in particular proteins having complicated structures such as antibodies, in host cells such as yeast cells. The invention also provides transformed yeast cells having the activated HAC1 gene and the RRBP1 gene and a method for enabling high-level secretory production of foreign proteins using such transformed host cells by inhibiting O-sugar chain formation indigenous to host cells such as yeast cells.
The present invention relates nucleic acid constructs for the production of recombinant parvoviral (e.g. adeno-associated viral) vectors in insect cells, to insect cells comprising such constructs and to methods wherein the cells are used to produce recombinant parvoviral virions. The insect cells preferably comprise a first nucleotide sequence encoding the parvoviral rep proteins whereby the initiation codon for translation of the parvoviral Rep78 protein is a suboptimal initiation codon that effects partial exon skipping upon expression in insect cells. The insect cell further comprises a second nucleotide sequence comprising at least one parvoviral (AAV) inverted terminal repeat (ITR) nucleotide sequence and a third nucleotide sequence comprising a sequences coding for the parvoviral capsid proteins.
The present invention provides a protein which catalyzes the synthesis of a dipeptide different from L-Ala-L-Ala, a process for producing the protein which catalyzes the synthesis of a dipeptide, a process for producing a dipeptide using the protein which catalyzes the synthesis of a dipeptide, and a process for producing the dipeptide using a culture of a microorganism producing the protein which catalyzes the synthesis of a dipeptide or the like as an enzyme source.
The present invention relates to a method for producing a polypeptide comprising using a signal peptide, to nucleic acid constructs comprising a first nucleotide sequence encoding the signal peptide and a second nucleotide sequence encoding a polypeptide which is foreign to the first nucleotide sequence. Furthermore, it also relates to expression vectors and host cells comprising the nuclei acid construct.
The present invention provides a method capable of producing a natural or recombinant protein at low cost.
The present invention relates to a method of producing a polypeptide, comprising culturing a cell which strongly expresses a taurine transporter and has a transferred DNA encoding a desired polypeptide and thereby allowing the cell to produce the polypeptide. Hamster taurine transporter, a DNA encoding the same, a recombinant vector and a transformed cell are also provided.
The present invention relates to a cell for the production of an antibody molecule such as an antibody useful for various diseases having high antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxic activity, a fragment of the antibody and a fusion protein having the Fc region of the antibody or the like, a method for producing an antibody composition using the cell, the antibody composition and use thereof.
A chemical reaction is conducted in a fluid of a droplet inside a reaction receptacle or on a surface of a reaction substrate. Fluctuations of a magnetic field are applied to the droplet including an aqueous solution having magnetic body particles with a hydrophilic surface, and a physical force is transmitted to the surrounding aqueous solution through the magnetic body particles. The droplet is thus moved by the physical force to conduct an operation necessary for a chemical reaction.
An object of the present invention is to provide a method for amplification of long nucleic acid, wherein the method allows nucleic acid fragments containing the same nucleotide sequence information to efficiently amplify at the same base length. The present invention relates to a method for amplification of long nucleic acid sequence, wherein the method uses primers being modified at the 5′ end with a phosphate group and performs a cooperative reaction using DNA polymerase and DNA ligase.
Method of preparing a biological sample appropriate for use in a subsequent in vitro nucleic acid amplification reaction. The method involves a rapid, transient exposure to alkaline conditions which can be achieved by mixing an alkaline solution with a pH-buffered solution that includes a detergent and the biological sample to be tested for the presence of particular nucleic acid species using in vitro amplification. The invented method advantageously can improve detection of some target nucleic acids without substantially compromising detectability of others. The method is particularly useful for simultaneously preparing RNA and DNA templates that can be used in multiplex amplification reactions.
A method of producing a packaged parvovirus vector, the method comprising: (a) providing an insect cell; (b) introducing into the insect cell one or more vectors comprising nucleotide sequences encoding: (i) a transgene flanked by TRs; and (ii) baculovirus packaging functions comprising Rep components and Cap components sufficient to result in packaging of infective parvovirus particles, wherein VP1 is supplemented relative to VP2 and VP3 sufficient to increase the production of infectious viral particles; and (c) introducing into the cell a nucleic acid encoding baculovirus helper functions for expression in the insect cell; (d) culturing the cell under conditions sufficient to produce the infectious packaged parvovirus vector.
The present disclosure identifies pathways and mechanisms to confer photoautotrophic properties to a heterotrophic organism. The resultant engineered cell or organism will uniquely enable efficient conversion of carbon dioxide and light into biomass and carbon-based products of interest.
A method for producing an α-L-aspartyl-L-phenylalanine-β-ester (also named α-L-(β-o-substituted aspartyl)-L-phenylalanine), which is an intermediate of an α-L-aspartyl-L-phenylalanine-α-methyl ester (also named α-L-aspartyl-L-phenylalanine methyl ester; product name: aspartame), easily, at high yield and inexpensively without going through a complex synthesis method is provided. Further, an easy, inexpensive and high-yield production method for an α-L-aspartyl-L-phenylalanine-α-methyl ester is provided. α-L-aspartyl-L-phenylalanine-α-methyl ester is produced from a L-aspartic acid-α,β-diester and L-phenylalanine using an enzyme or enzyme-containing substance that has an ability to catalyze a reaction in which L-phenylalanine performs no nucleophilic attack on a β-ester site of L-aspartic acid-α,β-diester but performs a nucleophilic attack on an α-ester site thereof.
The invention disclosed herein relates to methods and materials for producing simvastatin and related compounds such as huvastatin.
The present invention relates to a method for production of fermentation-based products, through the fermentation of a carbohydrate substrate in the presence of a microorganism capable of fermentation. The fermentation process may be enhanced through use of a rice bran material as a nutrient source.
The present invention relates to a process which can effectively extract and purify natural astaxanthin from the eggs and gonads of snails.
The present disclosure provides engineered ketoreductase enzymes having improved properties as compared to a naturally occurring wild-type ketoreductase enzyme. Also provided are polynucleotides encoding the engineered ketoreductase enzymes, host cells capable of expressing the engineered ketoreductase enzymes, and methods of using the engineered ketoreductase enzymes to synthesize a variety of chiral compounds.
The present invention relates to isolated polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence consisting of a mutated functional Abl kinase domain, said mutated functional kinase domain being resistant to inhibition of its tyrosine kinase activity by N-[4-methyl-3-(4-pyridin-3-yl-pyrimidin-2-ylamino)-phenyl]-4-(4-methyl-piperazin-1 -ylmethyl)-benzamide or a salt thereof, to the use of such polypeptides to screen for compounds which inhibit the tyrosine kinase activity of such polypeptides, to nucleic acid molecules encoding such polypeptides, to recombinant vectors and host cells comprising such nucleic acid molecules and to the use of such nucleic acid molecules in the production of such polypeptides for use in screening for compounds which inhibit the tyrosine kinase activity of such polypeptides.
Disclosed herein are techniques for computationally designing enzymes. These techniques can be used to design variations of naturally occurring enzymes, as well as new enzymes having no natural counterparts. The techniques are based on first identifying functional reactive sites required to promote the desired reaction. Then, hashing algorithms are used to identify potential protein backbone structures (i.e., scaffolds) capable of supporting the required functional sites. These techniques were used to design 32 different protein sequences that exhibited aldol reaction catalytic function, 31 of which are defined in the Sequence Listing. Details of these 31 different synthetic aldolases are provided, including descriptions of how such synthetic aldolases can be differentiated from naturally occurring aldolases.
The present invention includes compositions and methods for the preparation of pancreatic islet cells for transplantation.
The present invention describes compositions and methods for enhancing biodegradation of paper products after use and disposal.
The present invention relates to methods for the production of microorganisms with increased efficiency for methionine synthesis, microorganisms with increased efficiency for methionine synthesis, and methods for determining the optimal metabolic flux for organisms with respect to methionine synthesis.
The present invention features compositions and related methods for treating IBS and other gastrointestinal disorders and conditions (e.g., gastrointestinal motility disorders, functional gastrointestinal disorders, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), duodenogastric reflux, Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, Inflammatory bowel disease, functional heartburn, dyspepsia (including functional dyspepsia or nonulcer dyspepsia), gastroparesis, chronic intestinal pseudo-obstruction (or colonic pseudo-obstruction), and disorders and conditions associated with constipation, e.g., constipation associated with use of opiate pain killers, post-surgical constipation (post-operative ileus), and constipation associated with neuropathic disorders as well as other conditions and disorders using peptides and other agents that activate the guanylate cyclase C (GC-C) receptor.
The present invention relates to a bacterium strain of accession no. MTCC 5099, a process for the preparation of inoculum of the said strain, and a process for the reduction of color from pulp mill effluent using the above said inoculum, which comprises steps of inoculating appropriate aliquots of the pulp and paper mill effluent with the cell slurry obtained, incubating the mixture at about 37 degree C. at about 100 rpm for time duration ranging between 24-48 hours, assessing color and total lignin levels to determine the color removal efficiency of the above said bacterium.
The device and method invented provides a unique means to extract and multiply, by the millions, beneficial aerobic microbes found in compost and vermicompost to be applied to soil and plants in liquid form. This liquid has been named compost tea colloquially. Compared to many compost tea making devices being sold, the invented device is truly simple and can be dismantled and cleaned in under twenty minutes. Most of the parts are not glued and can be pulled apart. The device and method uses air pumps alone to actually circulate the water and can be used with or without a mesh extractor. This is achieved by the insertion of an air diffuser into the piping used, which infuses the water with oxygen while circulating the water, into either, an extractor containing compost or a body of water containing compost. Concurrently additional diffusers infuse the body of water with oxygen.
A device for determining the quality and solidness of the vascular wall is provided for testing tissue samples and includes opposed first and second fixation plates. The fixation plates are connectable to an air pump or other source of vacuum for fixing the tissue sample in position. The device is connectable to a detector such as a meter, gauge, or printing device capable of displaying or producing an image or display corresponding to the value of a force required to disrupt or break the internal links between individual layers of the vascular wall. The fixation plates are movable relative to one another and may be abducted by abductors connecting the plates or by rotational movement of one fixation plate relative to the other by a shaft or other rotational mechanism.
The bio chip and the apparatus for analyzing biological material are disclosed, the bio chip and the apparatus being capable of analyzing a variety of specific materials included in biological materials using a single bio chip injected with a single biological material, capable of conducting an optical measurement and an electro-chemical measurement to the enhancement of efficiency, capable of forming a sterilizer at the bio chip to enable a swift disinfection of vulnus caused by blood collection to the convenience of a user, and capable of mounting a laser beam source at the apparatus to enable a swift blood collection, wherein the apparatus is provided with a transfer unit for transferring the bio chip having a sterilizer, whereby the bio chip is transferred following the blood collection to enable automatic disinfection and analysis.
The invention provides an apparatus for electromagnetically affecting a particle of interest in a specimen. The apparatus includes (a) a stage capable of supporting the specimen; (b) a detector including at least one camera, wherein the detector is capable of resolving a particle of interest within the specimen; (c) a means for locating the particle of interest in three dimensions; (d) a means for focusing electromagnetic radiation to a focal volume within the specimen; and (e) a means for adjusting the relative positions of the stage and electromagnetic radiation focusing means, thereby positioning the particle of interest within the focal volume.
The present invention provides a multi-layer cell culture device having a rectangular footprint and having multiple cell culture chambers separated by tracheal air spaces, each cell culture chamber having a port and a port cover or an external manifold structured and arranged to allow for transfer of fluid into and out of the cell culture device with reduced risk of contamination, and methods of using the device.
The present invention relates to a cover device for a sample carrier, comprising a sticky surface area for connection to the sample carrier, wherein the sticky surface area is configured such that the sample carrier is covered in liquid-tight fashion after connection of the cover device to the sample carrier in the sticky surface area.
A synthetic nucleic acid molecule is provided that includes nucleotides of a coding region for a fluorescent polypeptide having a codon composition differing at more than 25% of the codons from a parent nucleic acid sequence encoding a fluorescent polypeptide. The synthetic nucleic acid molecule has at least 3-fold fewer transcription regulatory sequences relative to the average number of such sequences in the parent nucleic acid sequence. The polypeptide encoded by the synthetic nucleic acid molecule preferably has at least 85% sequence identity to the polypeptide encoded by the parent nucleic acid sequence.
Efficient sequence specific gene silencing is possible through the use of siRNA technology. By selecting particular siRNAs by rational design, one can maximize the generation of an effective gene silencing reagent, as well as methods for silencing genes. Methods, compositions, and kits generated through rational design of siRNAs are disclosed including those directed to CTGF.
Synthetic surfaces suitable for culturing stem cell derived oligodendrocyte progenitor cells contain acrylate polymers formed from one or more acrylate monomers. The acrylate surfaces, in many cases, are suitable for culturing stem cell derived oligodendrocyte progenitor cells in chemically defined media.
Synthetic surfaces capable of supporting culture of eukaryotic cells including stem cells and undifferentiated human embryonic stem cells in a chemically defined medium include a swellable (meth)acrylate layer and a polypeptide conjugated to the swellable (meth)acrylate layer. The swellable (meth)acrylate layer may be formed by polymerizing monomers in a composition that includes a carboxyl group-containing (meth)acrylate monomer, a cross-linking (di- or higher-functional) (meth)acrylate monomer, and a hydrophilic monomer capable of polymerizing with the carboxyl group-containing (meth)acrylate monomer and the cross-linking (meth)acrylate monomer. The swellable (meth)acrylate layer has an equilibrium water content in water of between about 5% and about 70%. The conjugated peptide may include an RGD amino acid sequence.
Methods are provided for obtaining expanded human cord blood cells expressing CD34. The methods involve seeding a sufficient amount of cord blood cells with a sufficient amount of menstrual cells under co-culture conditions suitable to promote expansion of the cord blood cells, and co-culturing the cord blood cells with the menstrual cells under culture conditions that support at least two or more population doublings of the cord blood cells. Methods are also provided for growing expanded human cord blood cells to give rise to any one of colony forming units, colony forming unit granulocyte macrophages (CFU-GM), burst forming unit erythroids (BFU-E), and colony forming unit granulocyte erythrocyte macrophage megakaryocyte (CFU-GEMM) blood lineage precursor cells. The expanded cells may express CD34, SSEA-4, and HLA-II. Compositions of the expanded cells are also provided.
Novel chemokines from mammals, reagents related thereto including purified proteins, specific antibodies, and nucleic acids encoding said chemokines. Chemokine receptors are also provided. Methods of using said reagents and diagnostic kits are also provided.
Compounds, which inhibit the binding of gp120 to CD4 as well as 17b and methods for their use in inhibiting the HIV fusion process, are provided.
A three-dimensional (3-D) culture “Petri-dish” for research in regenerative medicine, biotechnology and clinical translation is described. This 3-D perfusion culture dish is to advance in vitro culture tools from static 2-D to dynamic 3-D perfusion culture. Interwoven hollow fiber capillary membranes divide the “Petri-dish” culture space into a controllable 3-D pattern of different compartments, serving the functions of the organ's larger vasculature. These physically active scaffolds, which can be suitable for cell adhesion or cell aggregate immobilization, offer a supply of cells with high-performance mass exchange including gas supply and under perfusion conditions. In contrast to static and discontinuous medium supply, a dynamic culture can be achieved with continuous or alternating medium supply and integral oxygenation. They provide a more physiologic supply in the cell macro environment, including homeostasis of oxygen, pH, nutrition, soluble factors, and gradients of metabolites for the cells. Also, medium perfusion can be achieved. Consequently the invention was made for cultures at tissue density, especially stem cells and support cells, which strive to create their own stem cell niche.
Synthetic surfaces suitable for culturing stem cell derived cardiomyocytes contain acrylate polymers formed from one or more acrylate monomers. The acrylate surfaces, in many cases, are suitable for culturing stem cell derived cardiomyocytes in chemically defined media.
A synthetic cell culture surface, prepared from a polymerized blend of at least two (meth)acrylate monomers is provided, which supports the growth of undifferentiated human embryonic stem cells in defined media augmented with fetal bovine serum. The cell culture surface forms a uniform layer over the growth area of a typical cell culture vessel.
The present invention relates generally to transcriptional control sequences. Generally, the present invention relates to transcriptional control sequences that specifically or preferentially direct expression of a nucleotide sequence of interest in a plant egg cell. The present invention is predicated, in part, on the identification of transcriptional control sequences derived from EC1 genes which, in preferred embodiments, direct preferential expression in an egg cell of at least one plant taxon.
Methods and apparatus are disclosed for determining a new anticoagulant therapy factors for monitoring oral anticoagulant therapy to help prevent excessive bleeding or deleterious blood clots that might otherwise occur before, during or after surgery. New anticoagulant therapy factors maybe based upon the time to maximum acceleration from the time of reagent injection (TX) into a plasma sample, Embodiments include methods and apparatus for determining an anticoagulant therapy factor without requiring use of a mean normal prothrombin time determination or ISI, and may be carried out with the patient sample and a coagulation reagent.
Assay preparation plates are provided which include an array of wells, a magnet, and an actuator configured to move the magnet proximate and remote relative to the array. A fluid assay preparation and analysis system is provided which includes a pipette disposed above an assay plate receiving area, a magnet disposed below the assay plate receiving area in approximate alignment with the pipette, and an actuator configured to move the magnet proximate the assay plate receiving area. A method for preparing and analyzing an assay includes injecting a sample into a sample well of an assay preparation plate and inserting the assay preparation plate into a fluid assay analysis system. The method further includes mixing the sample with one or more reagents in an assay plate receiving area of the system and subsequently aspirating the prepared assay into an examination chamber of the system.
Methods for screening for altered focal proliferation states in non-pregnant patients, which include detecting levels of pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A), are described. Methods for identifying agents that alter the protease activity of PAPP-A, and pharmaceutical compositions and medical devices that include such agents also are described.
An immunodiagnostic test card includes a plurality of transparent chambers wherein each chamber includes a quantity of testing material that combines with a patient sample, when mixed, to produce an agglutination reaction. A plurality of indicia are disposed to aid in the manufacture and determining the usability of the cards prior to test and also in objectively grading the agglutination reactions that are formed or lack of agglutination.
A polymeric sensing fluid for detecting the presence of glucose and systems and methods of its use are generally disclosed. The polymeric sensing fluid includes a polymer in a solvent (e.g., an aqueous solvent). The polymer has a plurality of boronic acid moieties extending from its polymeric backbone. As such, the polymeric sensing fluid is configured to increase in viscosity upon addition of glucose due to crosslinking between the boronic acid moieties of the polymer and glucose.
A test element and method for detecting an analyte with the aid thereof is provided. The test element is essentially disk-shaped and flat, and can be rotated about a preferably central axis which is perpendicular to the plane of the disk-shaped test element. The test element has a sample application opening for applying a liquid sample, a capillary-active zone, in particular a porous, absorbent matrix, having a first end that is remote from the axis and a second end that is near to the axis, and a sample channel which extends from an area near to the axis to the first end of the capillary-active zone that is remote from the axis.
The present invention provides methods and compositions for modulating integrin activity. In particular, the present invention encompasses methods and compositions for altering the interaction between the α and β chain extracellular clasp regions.
Methods for enhancement in accuracy of immunochemical analysis of heterogeneous biological fluids containing exogenous substances that can interfere in immunochemical analysis for endogenous analytes of interest. According to this method a heterogeneous biological fluid sample is pretreated with an interferant suppression effective amount of a molybdenum coordination complex, so as to reduce manifestation of the presence of said exogenous material under immunoassay conditions. This invention is suitable for the suppression of manifestation of exogenous substances, specifically metabolites of drugs of abuse, during the immunoassay of biological fluids of infants for detection of endogenous substances indicative of a wellness or disease state. This invention also has application for similar suppression exogenous substances in the biological fluid of adults that have been inadvertently exposed to such substances (e.g. secondhand smoke).
The invention provides methods for identifying antibody preparations that can form a pair of antibodies that optimally detect a target antigen, for example, in a sandwich immunoassay. These methods provide high affinity and epitope-specific antibodies.
Disclosed are methods and apparatus useful for determining the presence or absence of one or more analytes in a liquid sample, such as a biological or environmental sample. In some embodiments, the method can use an indirect competitive immunochromatographic test strip.
A biosensor capable of analyzing an object, such as antigen, antibody, DNA or RNA, through detection of magnetic field to thereby allow washout of unbound label molecules to be unnecessary, which biosensor is compact and available at low price, excelling in detection precision. Coils are arranged at an upper part and a lower part of a magnetic sensor using a hall element as a magnetic field detection element. An object and magnetic particles having an antibody capable of specific bonding with the object bound to the surface thereof are introduced in the magnetic sensor having a molecular receptor capable of specific bonding with the object attached to the surface thereof. Therefore, a change in magnetic field by magnetic particles bonded through the molecular receptor to the surface of the magnetic sensor is detected by means of the hall element. At that time, one applied magnetic field is set so that the magnetization intensity of magnetic particles falls within the range from initial magnetic permeability to maximum magnetic permeability while another applied magnetic field is set so that the magnetization intensity of some or all of the magnetic particles becomes saturated, and output signals are compared with each other. Thus, the amount of bonded magnetic particles can be identified.
The present invention describes the identification, isolation, cloning, and determination of the Alzheimer Related Membrane Protein (ARMP) gene on chromosome 14 and a related gene, E5-1, on chromosome 1. Normal and mutant copies of both genes are presented. Transcripts and products of these genes are useful in detecting and diagnosing Alzheimer's disease, developing therapeutics for treatment of Alzheimer's disease, as well as the isolation and manufacture of the protein and the construction of transgenic animals expressing the mutant genes.
A positioning apparatus comprises a detector which detects the mark and outputs a mark signal and a controller. The controller includes a calculating unit which calculates position data of the mark based on the mark signal, a processing unit which calculates a parameter representing a displacement of the object, based on the mark signal and the position data of the mark, and a positioning controller which controls the positioning of the object, based on the position information of the object corrected by using the parameter calculated by said processing unit. The processing unit calculates a feature value, calculates a degree of influence that the feature value exerts on a displacement of the mark, corrects the calculated position data of the mark based on the calculated degree of influence, and statistically calculates the corrected position data of the mark, thereby calculating a parameter representing a displacement of the object.
A pixel structure includes a scan line, a data line, an active element, a first passivation layer, a second passivation layer and a pixel electrode. The data line includes a first data metal segment and a second data metal layer. The active element includes a gate electrode, an insulating layer, a channel layer, a source and a drain. The channel layer is positioned on the insulating layer above the gate electrode. The source and the drain are positioned on the channel layer. The source is coupled to the data line. The first passivation layer and the second passivation layer cover the active element and form a first contact hole to expose a part of the drain. The second passivation layer covers a part edge of the drain. The pixel electrode is disposed across the second passivation layer and coupled to the drain via the first contact hole.
An array substrate for a transflective liquid crystal display device includes: a substrate; a gate line and a data line on the substrate, the gate line and the data line crossing each other to define a pixel region including a transmissive area and a reflective area surrounding the transmissive area; a thin film transistor having a gate insulating layer, the thin film transistor connected to the gate line and the data line; a first passivation layer on the thin film transistor, the first passivation layer having a drain contact hole exposing a drain electrode of the thin film transistor and a through hole exposing the substrate in the transmissive area; a reflective plate on the first passivation layer; a second passivation layer on the reflective plate; and a pixel electrode on the second passivation layer, the pixel electrode contacting the substrate in the transmissive area through the through hole and contacting the drain electrode through the drain contact hole.
A method of manufacturing a color filter substrate includes forming a plurality of trenches having a predetermined depth by etching a surface of a transparent substrate, disposing a color filter material in the plurality of trenches to form a color filter layer, and forming a transparent electrode on the transparent substrate including the color filter layer therein.
A method of etching an amorphous silicon layer includes providing a substrate with an amorphous silicon layer formed thereon into an atmospheric pressure plasma etching device, providing a plasma generation gas and etching gas to a plasma generator of the atmospheric pressure plasma etching device and generating an atmospheric pressure plasma gas between two electrodes provided in the plasma generator in which the two electrodes face each other. The method further includes repeatedly passing the substrate through the plasma generator at a predetermined speed, thereby etching the amorphous silicon layer on the substrate by using the atmospheric pressure plasma gas generated from the plasma generator.
Methods of manufacturing a lasing device are provided by some embodiments, the methods including: creating a silicon micro ring with a predetermined radius and a predetermined first cross-sectional dimension; creating a silicon waveguide with a predetermined second cross-sectional dimension, the silicon waveguide spaced from the silicon micro ring by a predetermined distance; and wherein the predetermined distance, the predetermined radius, the predetermined first cross-sectional dimension, and the predetermined second cross-sectional dimension are determined so that at least one first whispering gallery mode resonant frequency of the silicon micro ring and at least one second whispering gallery mode resonant frequency of the silicon micro ring are separated by an optical phonon frequency of silicon.
A semiconductor light emitting device includes an active region, an n-type region, and a p-type region comprising a portion that extends into the active region. The active region may include multiple quantum wells separated by barrier layers, and the p-type extension penetrates at least one of the quantum well layers. The extensions of the p-type region into the active region may provide uniform filling of carriers in the individual quantum wells of the active region by providing direct current paths into individual quantum wells. Such uniform filling may improve the operating efficiency at high current density by reducing the carrier density in the quantum wells closest to the bulk p-type region, thereby reducing the number of carriers lost to nonradiative recombination.
A nitride-based light emitting device is manufactured by using a single-crystal nitride-based semiconductor substrate. A seed material layer is deposited on a first substrate where organic residues including a natural oxide layer are removed from an upper surface of the first substrate. A multifunctional substrate is grown from the seed material layer. The single-crystal nitride-based semiconductor layer including a nitride-based buffer layer is formed on the multifunctional substrate. The seed material layer primarily assists the growth of the multifunctional substrate, which is essentially required for the growth of the single-crystal nitride-based semiconductor substrate. The multifunctional substrate is prepared in the form of a single-crystal layer or a poly-crystal layer having a hexagonal crystalline structure. The light emitting device employing the single-crystal nitride-based semiconductor substrate is used as a next-generation white light source having high capacity, large area, high brightness and high performance.
A motion sensor in the form of an angular rate sensor and a method of making a sensor are provided and includes a support substrate and a silicon sensing ring supported by the substrate and having a flexive resonance. Drive electrodes apply electrostatic force on the ring to cause the ring to resonate. Sensing electrodes sense a change in capacitance indicative of vibration modes of resonance of the ring so as to sense motion. A plurality of silicon support rings connect the substrate to the ring. The support rings are located at an angle to substantially match a modulus of elasticity of the silicon, such as about 22.5 degrees and 67.5 degrees, with respect to the crystalline orientation of the silicon.
A method for fabricating a micro-electro-mechanical system (MEMS) device. The method comprises placing a guiding mask on an application platform, the guiding mask including an opening that defines the position of a MEMS part to be placed on the application platform. The method further comprises placing the MEMS part into the opening of the guiding mask on the application platform, and removing the guiding mask from the application platform after the MEMS part is bonded to the application platform.
The present invention relates to an image sensor applied with a device isolation technique for reducing dark signals and a fabrication method thereof. The image sensor includes: a logic unit; and a light collection unit in which a plurality of photodiodes is formed, wherein the photodiodes are isolated from each other by a field ion-implantation region formed under a surface of a substrate and an insulation layer formed on the surface of the substrate.
A semiconductor package comprising a die adjacent a substrate, a supporting plate adjacent the die, and a conducting plate abutting the supporting plate and electrically coupled to a metal apparatus adjacent the substrate and the die using a plurality of bond wires. The metal apparatus supplies power to the conducting plate.
This application relates to a method of manufacturing an electronic device comprising placing a first chip on a carrier; applying an insulating layer over the first chip and the carrier; applying a metal ions containing solution to the insulating layer for producing a first metal layer of a first thickness; and producing a second metal layer of a second thickness on the insulating layer wherein at least one of the first metal layer and the second metal layer comprises at least a portion that is laterally spaced apart from the respective other metal layer.
A method of manufacturing a stacked-type semiconductor device, including the steps of: forming dividing grooves, having a depth corresponding to a finished thickness for a plurality of first chips formed on the face side of a wafer, on the face side of the wafer along planned dividing lines; stacking existing second chips on the first chips; covering the face-side surfaces of the second chips with a protective member; and grinding the back side of the wafer until the dividing grooves are exposed and the first chips are thinned to the finished thickness, to obtain semiconductor devices of a two-layer structure.
A semiconductor device having a structure in which the structure is laminated in many stages is made thin. A reforming area is formed by irradiating a laser beam, where a condensing point is put together with the inside of the semiconductor substrate of a semiconductor wafer. Then, after applying the binding material of liquid state to the back surface of a semiconductor wafer by a spin coating method, this is dried and a solid-like adhesive layer is formed. Then, a semiconductor wafer is divided into each semiconductor chip by making the above-mentioned reforming area into a division origin. By pasting up this semiconductor chip on the main surface of the other semiconductor chip by the adhesive layer of the back surface, a semiconductor device having a structure in which the semiconductor device is laminated in many stages is manufactured.
A procedure of packaging an electronic component is provided, comprising the following steps: step A for mount at which a conductor and a chip are temporarily mounted on a carrier removable, and next step B for encapsulation at which the conductor and the chip are encapsulated with colloid and mounted and then removed from the carrier so that the chipset after modeled without any substrate may be mounted for decreasing the costs of substrate use and design and the probability of damage of the substrate an chip due to the thermal expansion and increasing the yield factor of a finished product.
Systems and methods of fabricating silicon-based thin film transistors (TFTs) on flexible substrates. The systems and methods incorporate and combine deposition processes such as chemical vapor deposition and plasma-enhance vapor deposition, printing, coating, and other deposition processes, with laser annealing, etching techniques, and laser doping, all performed at low temperatures such that the precision, resolution, and registration is achieved to produce a high performing transistor. Such TFTs can be used in applications such as displays, packaging, labeling, and the like.
The present invention provides a semiconductor substrate, which comprises a singlecrystalline Si substrate which includes an active layer having a channel region, a source region, and a drain region, the singlecrystalline Si substrate including at least a part of a device structure not containing a well-structure or a channel stop region; a gate insulating film formed on the singlecrystalline Si substrate; a gate electrode formed on the gate insulating film; a LOCOS oxide film whose thickness is more than a thickness of the gate insulating film, the LOCOS oxide film being formed on the singlecrystalline Si substrate by surrounding the active layer; and an insulating film formed over the gate electrode and the LOCOS oxide film. On this account, on fabricating the semiconductor device having a high-performance integration system by forming the non-singlecrystalline Si semiconductor element and the singlecrystalline Si semiconductor element on the large insulating substrate, the process for making the singlecrystalline Si is simplified. Further, the foregoing arrangement provides a semiconductor substrate and a fabrication method thereof, which ensures device isolation of the minute singlecrystalline Si semiconductor element without highly-accurate photolithography, when the singlecrystalline Si semiconductor element is transferred onto the large insulating substrate.
Disclosed herein is a method for production of a thin-film semiconductor device which includes, a first step to form a gate electrode on a substrate, a second step to form a gate insulating film of silicon oxynitride on the substrate in such a way as to cover the gate electrode, a third step to form a semiconductor thin film on the gate insulating film, and a fourth step to perform heat treatment in an oxygen-containing oxidizing atmosphere for modification through oxygen binding with oxygen-deficient parts in the silicon oxynitride film constituting the gate insulating film.
A thin film transistor (TFT) and a method of manufacturing the same are provided. The TFT includes a transparent substrate, an insulating layer on a region of the transparent substrate, a monocrystalline silicon layer, which includes source, drain, and channel regions, on the insulating layer and a gate insulating film and a gate electrode on the channel region of the monocrystalline silicon layer.
The present invention recites a new method for manufacturing Group III-N field-effect devices, such as HEMT, MOSHFET, MISHFET devices or MESFET devices, grown by Metal-Organic Vapor Phase Expitaxy, with higher performance (power), by covering the surface with a thin SiN layer on the top AlGaN layer, in the reactor where the growth takes place at high temperature, prior cooling down the structure and loading the sample out of the reactor, as well as a method to produce some HEMT transistors on those heterostructures, by depositing the contact on the surface without any removal of the SiN layer by MOCVD. The present invention recites also a device.
A method for making CMOS transistors that includes forming a NMOS transistor and a PMOS transistor having an undoped polysilicon gate electrode and a hardmask. The method also includes forming a layer of insulating material and then removing the hardmasks and a portion of the layer of insulating material. A layer of silicidation metal is formed and a first silicide anneal changes the undoped polysilicon gate electrodes into partially silicided gate electrodes. Dopants of a first type and a second type are implanted into the partially silicided gate electrode of the PMOS and NMOS transistors and a second silicide anneal is performed to change the doped partially silicided gate electrodes into fully silicided gate electrodes.
A semiconductor region with an epitaxial layer extending over the semiconductor region is provided. A first silicon etch is performed to form an upper trench portion extending into and terminating within the epitaxial layer. A protective material is formed extending along sidewalls of the upper trench portion and over mesa regions adjacent the upper trench portion but not along a bottom surface of the upper trench portion. A second silicon etch is performed to form a lower trench portion extending from the bottom surface of the upper trench portion through the epitaxial layer and terminating within the semiconductor region, such that the lower trench portion is narrower than the upper trench portion. A two-pass angled implant of dopants of the first conductivity type is carried out to form a silicon region of first conductivity type along sidewalls of the lower trench portion, while the protective material blocks the implant dopants from entering the sidewalls of the upper trench portion and the mesa region adjacent the upper trench portion.
A first dielectric layer is formed over a PFET gate and an NFET gate, and lithographically patterned to expose a PFET area, while covering an NFET area. Exposed PFET active area is etched and refilled with a SiGe alloy, which applies a uniaxial compressive stress to a PFET channel. A second dielectric layer is formed over the PFET gate and the NFET gate, and lithographically patterned to expose the NFET area, while covering the PFET area. Exposed NFET active area is etched and refilled with a silicon-carbon alloy, which applies a uniaxial tensile stress to an NFET channel. Dopants may be introduced into the SiGe and silicon-carbon regions by in-situ doping or by ion implantation.
A method and a dual-gate memory device having a memory transistor and an access transistor are provided to allow multiple bits to be stored in the dual-gate memory device. The memory transistor and the access transistor each have a channel region formed in a mobility enhanced material crystallized from an amorphous semiconductor material. The amorphous semiconductor material may include, for example, silicon. Mobility enhancement may be achieved by: (a) Excimer laser annealing; (b) lateral crystallization; (c) metal-induced lateral crystallization; (d) a combination of laser annealing and metal-induced laterally crystallization steps; or (e) solid-phase, epitaxially growth.
According to some embodiments of the invention, a method of forming a transistor includes forming a device isolation layer in a semiconductor substrate. The device isolation layer is formed to define at least one active region. A channel region is formed in a predetermined portion of the active region of the semiconductor substrate. Two channel portion holes are formed to extend downward from a main surface of the semiconductor substrate to be in contact with the channel region. Gate patterns fill the channel portion holes and cross the active region. The resulting transistor is capable of ensuring a constant threshold voltage without being affected by an alignment state of the channel portion hole and the gate pattern.
A method for forming a capacitor in a dynamic random access memory, comprising steps of: providing a semiconductor substrate having at least a transistor, whereon an interlayer dielectric layer having at least a first plug is formed so that the first plug is connected to the drain of the transistor; depositing an etching stop layer on the first plug and the interlayer dielectric layer; depositing a first insulating layer on the etching stop layer; forming at least a second plug on the first insulating layer and the etching stop layer so that the second plug is connected to the first plug; depositing a second insulating layer on the first insulating layer and the second plug; forming at least a mold cavity in the second insulating layer so that the aperture of the mold cavity is larger than the diameter of the second plug and there is a deviation between the mold cavity and the second plug; removing the first insulating layer in the mold cavity until the etching stop layer; depositing a first electrode layer to cover the second insulating layer, a sidewall portion of the mold cavity, the second plug and the etching stop layer; removing the second insulating layer so that the first electrode layer forms a single open-ended cavity; and depositing a dielectric layer and a second electrode layer.
A method for preparing a doped polysilicon conductor according to this aspect of the present invention comprises the steps of (a) placing a substrate in a reaction chamber, (b) performing a deposition process to form a polysilicon layer on the substrate, (c) performing a grain growth process to form a plurality of polysilicon grains on the polysilicon layer, and (d) performing a dopant diffusion process to diffuse conductive dopants into the polysilicon layer via the polysilicon grains to form the doped polysilicon conductor.
A method of filling a trench in a substrate ensures that a void or seam is not left in the material occupying the trench. First, a preliminary insulating layer is formed so as to extend contiguously along the bottom and sides of the trench and along an upper surface of the substrate. Impurities are then implanted into a portion of the preliminary insulating layer adjacent the top of the first trench to form a first insulating layer having a doped region and an undoped region. The doped region is removed to form a first insulating layer pattern at the bottom and sides of the first trench, and which first insulating layer pattern defines a second trench. The second trench is then filled with insulating material.
A method for making STI structure includes etching a STI trench through a nitride layer, through an oxide layer, and into a silicon layer. The method also includes forming a sacrificial liner, pulling-back the nitride layer, and removing a remaining portion of the sacrificial liner. Furthermore, the method includes forming a STI liner and forming a STI fill coupled to the STI liner.
A semiconductor wafer having an active layer is mounted on a carrier with the active layer away from the carrier and at least partially diced on the carrier from a major surface of the semiconductor wafer. The at least partially diced semiconductor wafer is etched on the carrier from the said major surface with a spontaneous etchant to remove sufficient semiconductor material from a die produced from the at least partially diced semiconductor wafer to improve flexural bend strength of the die by removing at least some defects caused by dicing.
Disclosed is a method for singulating semiconductor devices. The substrate has a plurality of scribe lines between the substrate units. A protecting film is provided having a patterned adhesive layer formed thereon corresponding to the scribe lines. The protecting film is attached and aligned to the substrate in a manner that the patterned adhesive layer adheres to the scribe lines without covering the substrate units. The substrate is cut by a laser beam aimed at the protecting film firstly and cut through the substrate along the peripheries of the scribe lines to singulate the substrate units. Therefore, the residue films of the protecting film on the substrate units can easily be removed. The contaminations of the substrate units by the sputtered particles and the melted protecting film during laser cutting can be eliminated. The shapes of the substrate units can be diverse.
A method of processing a wafer having a plurality of devices which are composed of a laminate consisting of an insulating film and a functional film on the front surface of a substrate, along streets for sectioning the plurality of devices, the method comprising a first blocking groove forming step for forming a first blocking groove for dividing the laminate in a one-side portion in the width direction of a street of the wafer held on a chuck table by moving the chuck table in a first direction in the processing-feed direction while activating a first laser beam application means; and a second blocking groove and dividing groove forming step for forming a second blocking groove which divides the laminate in the other-side portion in the width direction of the street of the wafer which has undergone the first blocking groove forming step by moving the chuck table in a second direction in the processing-feed direction while activating the first laser beam application means and at the same time, forming a dividing groove in the laminate and the substrate along an intermediate portion between the first blocking groove and the second blocking groove formed in the street of the wafer by activating second laser beam application means.
A method of processing a wafer having a plurality of devices which are composed of a laminate consisting of an insulating film and a functional film laminated on the front surface of a substrate, along streets for sectioning the plurality of devices, comprising a first trip blocking groove forming step for activating a first laser beam application means to form a blocking groove for dividing the laminate along a street of the wafer while moving the chuck table in a first direction in the processing-feed direction; a second trip blocking groove and dividing groove forming step for activating the first laser beam application means to form a blocking groove for dividing the laminate along a street next to the street which has undergone the first trip blocking groove forming step and also to form a dividing groove along the blocking groove formed by the first trip blocking groove forming step while moving the chuck table in a second direction in the processing-feed direction; and a first trip blocking groove and dividing groove forming step for activating the first laser beam application means to form a blocking groove for dividing the laminate along a street next to the street which has undergone the second trip blocking groove and dividing groove forming step and also, to form a dividing groove along the blocking groove formed by the second trip blocking groove and dividing groove forming step while moving the chuck table in a first direction in the processing-feed direction.
A surface of a single crystal semiconductor substrate is irradiated with ions to form a damaged region, an insulating layer is formed over the surface of the single crystal semiconductor substrate, and a surface of a substrate having an insulating surface is made to be in contact with a surface of the insulating layer to bond the substrate having an insulating surface to the single crystal semiconductor substrate. Then, the single crystal semiconductor substrate is separated at the damaged region by performing heat treatment to form a single crystal semiconductor layer over the substrate having an insulating surface, and the single crystal semiconductor layer is patterned to form a plurality of island-shaped semiconductor layers. One of the island-shaped semiconductor layers is irradiated with a laser beam which is shaped to entirely cover the island-shaped semiconductor layer.
A method of manufacturing a nitride semiconductor substrate according to example embodiments may include forming a buffer layer on a (100) plane of a silicon (Si) substrate. The buffer layer may have a hexagonal crystal system and a (1010) plane. A nitride semiconductor layer may be epitaxially grown on the buffer layer. The nitride semiconductor layer may have a (1010) plane. Accordingly, because example embodiments enable the use of a relatively inexpensive Si substrate, a more economical nitride semiconductor substrate having a relatively large diameter may be achieved.
A method for infusing material below the surface of a substrate is described. The method comprises modifying a surface condition of a surface on a substrate to produce a modified surface layer, and thereafter, infusing material into the modified surface in the substrate by exposing the substrate to a gas cluster ion beam (GCIB) comprising the material.
In a method for manufacturing a nonvolatile memory device, an etch mask layer formed on a dielectric layer to define contact holes in the dielectric layer is slope-etched to form an etch mask pattern having an opening wider at the upper end thereof than the lower end thereof. Thus, the contact holes are defined in the dielectric layer to have a finer size than the upper end of the opening of the etch mask pattern. The method for manufacturing a nonvolatile memory device includes forming an etch mask pattern on a dielectric layer such that a width of a lower end of each opening defined in the etch mask pattern is less than a width of an upper end thereof; and defining contact holes by removing portions of the dielectric layer using the etch mask pattern.
Disclosed is display part such as a TFT array panel comprising an aluminum layer, and a molybdenum layer formed on the aluminum layer. The thickness of the molybdenum layer may be about 10% to about 40% the thickness of the aluminum layer. As a result, a top surface of the aluminum layer may have a width about equal to a bottom surface of the molybdenum layer.
Accordingly, it is an aspect of the present invention to provide a TFT array panel comprising an aluminum wiring on which aluminum protrusion is reduced or eliminated.
A plurality of spaced-apart conductor structures is formed on a semiconductor substrate, each of the conductor structures including a conductive layer. Insulating spacers are formed on sidewalls of the conductor structures. An interlayer-insulating film that fills gaps between adjacent ones of the insulating spacers is formed. Portions of the interlayer-insulating layer are removed to expose upper surfaces of the conductive layers. Respective epilayers are grown on the respective exposed upper surfaces of the conductive layers and respective metal silicide layers are formed from the respective epilayers.
A non-volatile semiconductor memory device includes: a nonvolatile memory area including gate electrodes, each including stack of a floating gate, an inter-electrode insulating film and a control gate, and having first insulating side walls formed on side walls of the gate electrode; a peripheral circuit area including single-layer gate electrodes made of the same layer as the control gate; and a first border area including: a first isolation region formed in the semiconductor substrate for isolating the non-volatile memory area and peripheral circuit area; a first conductive pattern including a portion made of the same layer as the control gate and formed above the isolation region; and a first redundant insulating side wall made of the same layer as the first insulating side wall and formed on the side wall of the first conductive pattern on the side of the non-volatile memory area.
A semiconductor device capable of preventing contact between electrode terminals and a die pad as well as capable of surely performing wire bonding to the electrode terminals. A passive component is formed such that a vertical height of each electrode terminal is higher than that of an element part. More specifically, each cross-sectional area of the electrode terminals is slightly larger than that of the element part. Therefore, an upper part and lower part of each electrode terminal are slightly higher than (project from) the element part. Through an adhesive, the passive component is fixed such that the element part is located on the high position part so as to be nearly parallel to a substrate surface. Further, a part of each electrode terminal (bottom part) is located in each space within concave parts. Thus, a predetermined space is formed between each of the electrode terminals and the die pad.
A method for removing oxides from the bottom surface of a contact hole is provided. The method provides efficient cleaning of the bottom surface without distortion of the contact hole upper and sidewall surfaces.
Providing through-wafer interconnections in a semiconductor wafer includes forming a sacrificial membrane in a pre-existing semiconductor wafer, depositing metallization over one side of the wafer so as to cover exposed portions of the sacrificial membrane facing the one side of the wafer, removing exposed portions of the sacrificial membrane facing the other side of the wafer, and depositing metallization over the other side of the wafer so as to contact the previously deposited metallization. Techniques also are disclosed for providing capacitive and other structures using thin metal membranes.
System and method for reducing contact resistance and improving barrier properties is provided. An embodiment comprises a dielectric layer and contacts extending through the dielectric layer to connect to conductive regions. A contact barrier layer is formed between the conductive regions and the contacts by electroless plating the conductive regions after openings have been formed through the dielectric layer for the contact. The contact barrier layer is then treated to fill the grain boundary of the contact barrier layer, thereby improving the contact resistance. In another embodiment, the contact barrier layer is formed on the conductive regions by electroless plating prior to the formation of the dielectric layer.
A method for fabricating a semiconductor device, including forming a dielectric film above a substrate; forming a metal containing film above the dielectric film; forming at least one carbon containing film of a silicon carbon containing film containing silicon and carbon and a nitrogen carbon containing film containing nitrogen and carbon above the metal containing film; etching the carbon containing film selectively; etching the metal containing film selectively to transfer an opening of the carbon containing film formed by etching; and etching the dielectric film using the carbon containing film and the metal containing film as masks in a state in which a surface of the carbon containing film other than the opening is exposed.
A method for forming a TSV layout reduces recessing in a silicon nitride layer caused by forming the TSV through a silicon nitride layer having an intrinsic tensile stress or neutral stress. In one embodiment, the method includes compensating for the tensile stressed silicon nitride layer by either moving the TSV location to an area of intrinsic tensile stress, or by substituting a compressively stressed silicon nitride layer in the area of the TSV. The compressively stressed silicon nitride layer experiences less recessing during a TSV etch process than a silicon nitride layer under tensile stress. The smaller recesses are more readily filled when a dielectric liner is applied to the sidewalls of the TSV, reducing the possibility of voids being formed. Also, the smaller recesses require smaller exclusion zones, resulting in less surface area of an integrated circuit being used for the TSVs, as well as greater reliability and improved yields.
A polymer for immersion lithography comprising a repeating unit represented by Formula 1 and a photoresist composition containing the same. A photoresist film formed by the photoresist composition of the invention is highly resistant to dissolution, a photoacid generator in an aqueous solution for immersion lithography, thereby preventing contamination of an exposure lens and deformation of the photoresist pattern by exposure.
The invention provides a method for the chemical-mechanical polishing of a substrate with a chemical-mechanical polishing composition that comprises an abrasive, a halide salt, water and a polishing pad.
Methods for forming an ultra thin structure. The method includes a polymer deposition and etching process. In one embodiment, the methods may be utilized to form fabricate submicron structure having a critical dimension less than 30 nm and beyond. The method further includes a multiple etching processes. The processes may be varied to meet different process requirements. In one embodiment, the process gently etches the substrate while shrinking critical dimension of the structures formed within the substrate. The dimension of the structures may be shank by coating a photoresist like polymer to sidewalls of the formed structure, but substantially no polymer accumulation on the bottom surface of the formed structure on the substrate. The embodiments described herein also provide high selectivity in between each layers formed on the substrate during the fabricating process and preserving a good control of profile formed within the structure.
In one aspect of the present invention, a method of manufacturing a semiconductor device may include forming a first film on an amorphous silicon layer to be patterned, the first film and the amorphous film having a line-and-space ratio of approximately 3:1, sliming down, after processing the first film, a line portion of the pattern from both longitudinal sides of the line portion until the width of the line portion is reduced to approximately one third, reforming a part of the amorphous silicon layer where the first film is not provided such that reformed part has different etching ratio, and removing the first film and the amorphous silicon layer other than reformed part.
Provided is a method of forming a fine pattern using a block copolymer. The method comprises forming a coating layer including a block copolymer having a plurality of repeating units on a substrate. A mold is provided having a first pattern comprising a plurality of ridges and valleys. The first pattern is transferred from the mold into the coating layer. Then, a self-assembly structure is formed comprising a plurality of polymer blocks aligned in a direction guided by the ridges and valleys of the mold thereby rearranging the repeating units of the block copolymer within the coating layer by phase separation while the coating layer is located within the valleys of the mold. A portion of the polymer blocks are removed from among the plurality of polymer blocks and a self-assembly fine pattern of remaining polymer blocks is formed.
The present invention provides a method of removing oxides. First, a substrate having the oxides is loaded into a reaction chamber, which includes a susceptor setting in the bottom portion of the chamber, a shower head setting above the susceptor, and a heater setting above the susceptor. Subsequently, an etching process is performed. A first thermal treatment process is then carried out. Finally, a second thermal treatment process is carried out, and a reaction temperature of the second thermal treatment process is higher than a reaction temperature of the first thermal treatment process.
A polysilicon layer removing method capable of substantially removing etching residue, while improving the shape of an etching boundary is disclosed. The method for removing the polysilicon layer from a beveled portion of a wafer W through wet etching includes hydrophilizing the polysilicon layer, without removing the polysilicon layer from the beveled portion, and supplying an etchant having the mixture of hydrofluoric acid and nitric acid onto the hydrophilized polysilicon layer of the beveled portion, while the wafer is rotated at revolutions enough for flattening an etching boundary.
An atomic layer deposition apparatus and an atomic layer deposition method increase productivity. The atomic layer deposition apparatus includes a reaction chamber, a heater for supporting a plurality of semiconductor substrates with a given interval within the reaction chamber and to heat the plurality of semiconductor substrates and a plurality of injectors respectively positioned within the reaction chamber and corresponding to the plurality of semiconductor substrates supported by the heater. The plurality of injectors are individually swept above the plurality of semiconductor substrates to spray reaction gas.
A method of manufacturing a semiconductor device includes the steps of: conveying a plurality of substrates disposed in a direction perpendicular to a substrate processing surface into a processing chamber provided inside of a reaction tube, with an outer periphery surrounded by a heating device; and processing the substrates by introducing gas to a gas inlet tube provided on a side face of the reaction tube in a region for processing the substrates inside the reaction tube, so as to reach at least an outside of the heating device, and spouting the gas into the processing chamber from a slit-shaped gas spouting port disposed in a form so as to straddle at least a plurality of the substrates in a direction perpendicular to the substrate processing surface.
Methods are disclosed for preparing a reconditioned donor substrate by providing a remainder substrate from a donor substrate wherein the remainder substrate has a detachment surface where a transfer layer was detached and an opposite surface; and depositing an additional layer onto the opposite surface of the remainder substrate to increase its thickness and to form a reconditioned substrate. The reconditioned substrate is recycled as a donor substrate for fabricating compound material wafers.
A coating system and method of coating semiconductor wafers is disclosed that is able to maintain a wet condition on the outer portion of the semiconductor wafer to provide ease of spreading for a photo-resist or anti-reflective coating (ARC) that is being dispensed. The system can include a plurality of nozzles on a movable arm. A first nozzle dispenses a pre-wet solvent onto the semiconductor wafer. A second nozzle then dispenses the photo-resist or ARC coating onto the semiconductor wafer. A third nozzle dispenses additional pre-wet solvent onto the outer edge of the semiconductor wafer as the photo-resist or ARC coating is being dispensed. The nozzles dispense solutions onto the semiconductor wafer as it rotates. The system produces semiconductor wafers with few coating defects and uses less photo-resist or ARC coating.
An iPVD system is programmed to deposit uniform material, such as barrier material, into high aspect ratio nano-size features on semiconductor substrates using a multi-step process within a vacuum chamber which enhances the sidewall coverage compared to the field and bottom coverage(s) while minimizing or eliminating overhang.
A film formation method is used for forming a silicon nitride film on a target substrate by repeating a plasma cycle and a non-plasma cycle a plurality of times, in a process field configured to be selectively supplied with a first process gas containing a silane family gas and a second process gas containing a nitriding gas and communicating with an exciting mechanism for exciting the second process gas to be supplied. The method includes obtaining a relation formula or relation table that represents relationship of a cycle mixture manner of the plasma cycle and the non-plasma cycle relative to a film quality factor of the silicon nitride film; determining a specific manner of the cycle mixture manner based on a target value of the film quality factor with reference to the relation formula or relation table; and arranging the film formation process in accordance with the specific manner.
Method of performing lithographic processes on a wafer in a lithographic apparatus having multiple stages. First, a lithographic apparatus including a first wafer chuck and a second wafer chuck is provided. Subsequently, a cassette including a plurality of wafers is provided in the lithographic apparatus, and each wafer has a wafer identification. Thereafter, the first wafer chuck is set for holding the wafers having odd wafer identifications, and the second wafer chuck is set for holding the wafers having even wafer identifications. Next, a first lithographic process is performed on each wafer by the lithographic apparatus.
A substrate heating apparatus having a conductive heater which heats a substrate includes a filament arranged in the conductive heater and connected to a filament power supply to generate thermoelectrons, and an acceleration power supply which accelerates the thermoelectrons between the filament and conductive heater. The filament has inner peripheral portions formed at a predetermined interval along an inner circle concentric with the substrate, outer peripheral portions formed at a predetermined interval on an outer circle concentric with the inner circle and having a diameter larger than that of the inner circle, and a region formed by connecting the end point of each inner peripheral portions and the end point of a corresponding one of the outer peripheral portions.
A printed circuit board having an upper face provided with contact traces and pads with a light-emitting diode fixed to the board and connected to the traces. A connector juxtaposed is with the pads and carries a contact element having a leg bearing with spring force on one of the pads and formations gripping a hookup wire. At least one fastener engages through the connector and circuit board with a heat-sink base and presses the connector against the circuit board and the circuit board against the base.
A connecting device and method for electronic machinery. The connecting device for electronic machinery includes a PCB provided with first contact points, a case provided with second contact points, on which electronic parts are mounted, and at least one connection member formed integrally with at least one of the PCB and the case such that the first and second contact points can be electrically connected. The connecting device for electronic machinery can electrically connect electronic parts having contact points easily without any additional part.
The present invention provides an electric connection box capable of reducing cost and capable of constituting small-sized formation by devising a structure of engaging a cover. The electric connection box including an electronic device and connected to a wire harness so as to electrically connect the electronic device and the wire harness includes a synthetic resin member including a mold stripping hole used for molding the synthetic resin member, and a cover including a engaging portion engaged with the hole.
An electronic apparatus is disclosed that includes a board and an electronic component having a body. The board has multiple through-holes and multiple lands covering multiple through-holes. The electronic component has multiple terminals. The terminals are respectively coupled with the lands while a part of each terminal being inserted into a through-hole. A shape of the through-hole is generally circular and different from a part of the land on a back surface of the board. The part of the land on the back surface has a width and the width is different in directions.
Electrical connectors capable of being mounted on circuit substrates by BGA techniques are disclosed. Also, disclosed is a method of manufacturing such connectors. There is at least one recess on the exterior side of the connector elements. A conductive contact extends from adjacent the interior side into the recess on the exterior side of the housing. A controlled volume of solder paste is introduced into the recess. A fusible conductive element, in the form of solder balls is positioned in the recess. The connector is subjected to a reflow process to fuse the solder ball to the portions of the contact extending into said recess. Contacts are secured in the insulative housing of the connector by deformable sections that minimize stress imposed on the central portions of the contacts to promote uniformity of solder volume.
A media player system is disclosed. One aspect of the media player system pertains to a docking station that allows a media player to communicate with other media devices. Another aspect of the media player system pertains to a wireless media player system that includes a hand held media player capable of transmitting information over a wireless connection and one or more media devices capable of receiving information over the wireless connection. Another aspect of the media player system pertains to a method of wirelessly connecting the hand held media player to another device. The method includes selecting a media item on the hand held media player; selecting one or more remote recipients on the hand held media player; and transmitting the media item locally to the hand held media player, and wirelessly to the selected remote recipients. Another aspect of the media player system pertains to a hand held music player that includes a transmitter for transmitting information over a wireless connection. The transmitter is configured to at least transmit a continuous music feed to one or more personal tuning devices that each include a receiver capable of receiving information from the transmitter over the wireless connection. Yet another aspect of the media player system pertains to a connector that includes a housing and a plurality of spatially separated contacts mounted within the housing. A first set of contacts are directed at a first functionality and a second set of contacts are directed at a second functionality that is different than the first functionality.
A connector capable of suppressing degradation of transmission characteristics. Contact portions of signal contacts, and contact portions of ground contacts are arranged in a row in a contact arrangement direction orthogonal to a housing fitting direction. The respective contact portions of signal contacts forming each pair are disposed between the contact portions of the ground contacts adjacent in the contact arrangement direction. The connection portion of one of the signal contacts forming each pair and a first connection portion of each ground contact are alternately arranged in a row in the contact arrangement direction. The connection portion of the other of the signal contacts forming the pair and a second connection portion of the ground contact are alternately arranged in a row in the contact arrangement direction. A row formed by the connection portions of the ones of the signal contacts and the first connection portions of the ground contacts, and a row formed by the connection portions of the others of the signal contacts and the second connection portions of the ground contacts are parallel.
A cable terminal includes: a crimped portion crimped to a cable body; an extending piece provided integrally with the crimped portion to extend forward in an insertion direction; and a conductor conducting piece provided integrally with the crimped portion to face an end face of the cable body. An end of the extending piece abuts on an inner surface of a plug cap made of an elastic body to determine a position in terms of the insertion direction. The extending piece is provided with a springy press piece that projects to a plug terminal of an ignition plug inserted into the plug cap and contacts an end face of the plug terminal. The conductor contacting piece is sandwiched between a portion of an outer circumference of the plug terminal and a core exposed from the end face of the cable body. The plug terminal is disposed to be in tight contact with the inner surface of the plug cap.
A power adapter includes a housing, a power input portion and a connecting wire. The housing has a reel device mounted therein, and a wire outlet and more than one output portions formed in one side wall. The power input portion is mounted on the housing. A first end of the connecting wire is extended into the housing through the wire outlet and connected with the reel device thereby the connecting wire can be retracted via the reel device, and a second end thereof is connected with an electrical connector which extends out of the wire outlet. Basing on the structure, the connecting wire can be pulled out of the power adapter for use or retracted in the power adapter for collection via the reel device.
A card edge connector for receiving a module, includes an elongated insulative housing having a pair of side walls, a central slot extending therebetween for insertion of the module, a plurality of terminals positioned in the side walls and extending into the central slot; and a pick-up member having a fixing portion and a connect portion connecting the fixing portion. the insulative housing includes a latch pair of portions formed on opposite ends thereof and disposed at an outer sides of the terminals along a lengthwise direction thereof, the latch portion fixes with the fixing portion of the pick-up member.
A connector for an electric power supply device is disclosed. The connector is arranged to mate a corresponding connector at an apparatus to which the electrical power supply device is arranged to supply electrical power, wherein the connector comprises at least one electrical contact; a housing having a first part arranged grippable by a user when the user connects or disconnects the connector to the device, and a second part slidably arranged with the first part; at least one electrical contact arranged on one of said first or second part, wherein a first force for connecting the at least one electrical contact to the corresponding mating connector is higher than a second force for causing sliding between said first and second parts; and a switch arranged to be actuated based upon relative positions of said first and second parts, wherein said switch is arranged to electrically control connection and disconnection of an electrical power input of the electric power supply device. A power supply device is also disclosed.
A connector assembly configured to connect a plug body into a receiving module of an electrical device is provided. The connector assembly has a cable end and a plug end and a cable channel extending therethrough. The connector assembly includes an inner body having and an outer housing that is coupled to and surrounds at least a portion of the inner body. The outer housing is configured to attach to the electrical device. The connector assembly further includes a plug having the plug body and at least one cable conductor extending through the cable channel and connecting to the plug body. The plug body is held near or within the inner body and is movable from a first position near or within the inner body to a second position engaged with the receiving module.
A coupling assembly is provided for an electrical busway having a first section and a second section. The coupling assembly includes at least one housing having first and second ends. A plurality of electrical conductors extend through such housing and electrically connect the first and second sections of the electrical busway. A plurality of electrical insulators surround at least some of the electrical conductors. A first coupling member couples the first end of the at least one housing to the first section of the electrical busway, and a second coupling member couples the second end of such housing to the second section of the electrical busway. The at least one housing and the electrical conductors extending therethrough are flexible, and the housing is electrically grounded. The coupling assembly electrically connects the first and second sections of the electrical busway, without a number of separate termination boxes.
A method is provided for automatically accommodating plugs having different contract layouts. Steps of the method include providing a jack assembly supporting a plurality of contacts accessible to a plug-receiving space, the plurality of contacts including eight contacts in side-by-side relation and two additional contact pairs positioned in opposed corners of the plug-receiving space, four central contacts of the eight side-by-side contacts defining bi-sectional members, and at least one capacitive element being provided in electrical communication with front end portions of at least two of the bi-sectional members. Noise generated through insertion of a plug into the plug-receiving space is automatically compensated for, whether the plug is an RJ-45 plug configured to interact with the eight contacts in side-by-side relation, or an IEC 60603-7-7 compliant plug configured to interact with at least the two additional contact pairs positioned in opposed corners.
A lamp socket includes a power-up device including a conductive material and supplying power to a lamp electrode, and a housing receiving the power transmitting member. The power transmitting member includes an inverter connector, a first lamp electrode supporter, and an terminal unit. The first lamp electrode supporter is connected to the inverter connector and formed with a lamp electrode receiving section into which the lamp electrode is inserted. The terminal unit has a fixed terminal connected to the first lamp electrode supporter, a free-end terminal supporting the lamp electrode such that the lamp electrode adheres to the lamp electrode receiving section, and a connection terminal that connects the fixed terminal to the free-end terminal in the housing.
A sealing component includes an elastomeric material. An exterior side surface of the elastomeric material is to define at least a first seal with a first external mating member into which the sealing component is insertable. An interior surface of the elastomeric material is to define a second seal and a third seal with a second external mating member insertable into the sealing component.
A plug component for an electrical control unit has a contact section formed with one or more compartments, in which a number of contact pins extend perpendicular to a first reference plane. The plug component can be contacted mechanically and electrically with a plug via the contact section. An attachment section extends along the first reference plane and comprises a number of sealing sections, which are provided for resting against corresponding sealing sections of at least one housing component of the control unit. A first of the sealing sections runs in parallel to the first reference plane. Second sealing sections curve away from opposing free ends of the first sealing section and extend in a second reference plane which is arranged perpendicular to the first reference plane.
An electrical connector includes a socket body with a number of contacts, a retention frame spaced from the socket body, a load plate attached to the retention frame, and a fastener. The retention frame located at a first side of the socket body and the load plate attached to at a second side of the socket body. The load plate rotates toward or away from the socket body from an open position to a closed position. The fastener is used to fasten the load plate at the closed position.
A connector assembly is provided that has a plug end and a cable end and is configured to insert a plug that is coupled to a cable into a receiving module of an electrical device. The connector assembly includes an inner body that has a cable channel extending in an axial direction between the plug end and the cable end. The connector assembly also includes a slider element that is configured to hold a plug proximate to the plug end. The slider element is held by and movable along the inner body in an axial direction. The connector assembly further includes an outer housing that surrounds the inner body and the slider element. The outer housing is movable in the axial direction with respect to the inner body and the slider element, and the outer housing is also configured to attach to the electrical device.
A coaxial cable assembly comprises a coaxial cable alignment enhancer which has a plurality of axially oriented recesses defined within its outer peripheral surface portion for accommodating a plurality of electrical cables. A securing member is disposed around the alignment enhancer so as to in fact maintain the plurality of cables disposed within the recesses. In this manner, the plurality of cables are in fact disposed in a true coaxial manner with respect to each other whereby electrical contact members of the cables are, in turn, disposed in a true coaxial manner with respect to each other so as to be capable of being engaged with corresponding electrical contact members of another electrical connector without experiencing any deformation and damage.
